TN

3.4 Casting Votes.

(a) Voting at Membership Meetings. In addition to the elections subject to secret ballot
pursuant to Section 4.11, below, the vote on any other issue properly before a meeting of the
Members shall be conducted by secret ballot when determined by the chairman of the meeting, in
his or her discretion, or when requested by ten percent (10%) of the Members present at the meeting.

(b) Voting by Written Ballot. In addition to voting in person or by proxy at a meeting,
Members' votes may be solicited by written ballot with respect to any issue other than the election
of directors in accordance with Section 4.11, below.

(c) Proxy Voting. Members otherwise eligible to vote at a meeting may do so in person
or by proxy issued as provided in Section 4.7, below.

(d) Cumulative Voting. Each Member entitled to vote atany election of directors where
two or more positions are to be filled shall have the right to cumulate his or her votes by giving one
(1) candidate a number of votes equal to the number of directors to be elected, multiplied by the
number of votes to which the Member is entitled, or by distributing his or her votes on the same
principle among as many candidates as he or she desires. No Member shall be entitled to cumulate
votes unless (a) the candidate's or candidates’ name(s) have been placed in nomination before the
voting, and (b) a Member has given notice at the meeting, and before the voting, of the Member's
intention to cumulate his or her votes. If any one Member has given such notice, all Members may
cumulate their votes for candidates in nomination. Those candidates receiving the highest number
of votes, up to the number of directors to be elected, shall be elected.

(e) Multiple Owner Vote Allocation. In the event more than one (1) person owns a
given Unit, the vote for such Unit shall be exercised as the Owners among themselves shall
determine, but in no event shall more than one (1) vote be cast with respect to any Class A Member's
Unit, and not more than three (3) votes shall be cast with respect to any Class B Member's Unit. If
the joint Owners of a Unit are unable to agree among themselves as to how their vote or votes are
to be cast, such vote shall be cast in accordance with the decision of a majority of such Owners. If
there is no such majority, the vote for the Unit shall not be cast either in favor of or opposed to the
issue or issues which are the subject of the vote, but the membership shall be counted for purposes
of determining whether the quorum requirements applicable to the vote or meeting have been met.
If any Owner casts a vote representing a certain Unit and no written objection thereto is received by
the Secretary prior to the close of voting, it will thereafter be conclusively presumed for all purposes
that such Owner was acting with the authority and consent of the other Owners of that Unit.

3.5 Assignment of Membership Rights. A Member who has sold his or her Unit to a Contract
Purchaser shall be entitled to assign to such Contract Purchaser his or her rights and privileges of
membership in the Association and shall be deemed to have assigned to a Contract Purchaser who has
assumed occupancy of the Member's Residence all rights of use and enjoyment of the Common Area. No
assignment of any membership rights or privileges to a non-resident Contract Purchaser shall be binding,
however, until the Board of Directors has been notified thereof in writing. Notwithstanding any assignment,
until fee title to the Unit has been transferred of record, a Contract Seller shall remain liable for all
assessments, fines, and other charges imposed by the Board and for compliance with the Governing
Documents by all Residents of his or her Unit. Any Member who has leased or rented his or her Residence
to another person or persons shall in all events be deemed to have assigned to his or her tenants all rights of
use and enjoyment of the Common Area. It is the express purpose and intent of the provisions of this section
to limit the right of use and enjoyment of the Common Area to Residents of the Development and their
guests.

Mystique Community Association
Inman + Thomas, LLP -4- 9-17-07 v3