3.6 Record Dates. The record dates for notice of meetings of Members and voting shall be
determined as follows:

(a) Record Dates for Notice of Meetings. The Board of Directors may fix a time not
more than 90 days and not less than 10 days preceding the date of any meeting of the Members as
the record date for determining the Members entitled to notice of any such meeting. In the event no
such record date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for the determination of Members
entitled to notice of any meeting shall be the close of business on the business day preceding the day
on which notice is given or, if notice is waived, the close of business on the business day preceding
the day on which the meeting is held. Only those persons or entities identified as Members in the
records of the Association on the record date shall be entitled to notice of such meeting.

(b) Record Dates for Voting. The Board of Directors may fix a time not more than
60 days preceding the date of any meeting of the Members as the record date for determining the
Members entitled to vote at any such meeting. In the event no such record date is fixed by the Board
of Directors, the record date for the determination of Members entitled to vote at any meeting shall
be the day of the meeting or, in the case of an adjourned meeting, the day of the adjourned meeting,
Only Members in Good Standing as of the record date shall be entitled to vote at such meeting.

(©) Record Dates for Actions Without a Meeting. The Board of Directors may fix a
time not more than 60 days before the day on which the first written ballot is mailed or solicited as
the record date for determining the Members entitled to cast written ballots with respect to any
action proposed to be taken without a meeting pursuant to Section 4.11. In the event no such record
date is fixed by the Board of Directors, the record date for the determination of Members entitled
to cast written ballots with respect to any proposed action shall be the day on which the first written
ballot is mailed or solicited. Only Members in Good Standing as of the record date shall be entitled
to receive written ballots and vote on the proposed action.

 

(d) Entitlement to Notice and Vote. Only Members and Mortgagees having previously
requested notice are entitled to receive notice of an election or meetings and only Members in Good
Standing are entitled to vote.

ARTICLE 4 MEETINGS OF MEMBERS

4.1 Annual Meeting. The first annual meeting of the Members shall be held not more than forty-
five (45) days after the closing of the sale of the Unit which represents the 51st percentile subdivided interest
authorized for sale under the first public report for the project, but in no event shall the first meeting be held
later than six (6) months after the close of escrow for the sale of the first Unit. Thereafter, the annual
meeting of the Members shall be held annually at a date and time established by the Board.

42 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Members may be called at any time by the
President or by the Board of Directors or pursuant to the written request of Members entitled to cast at least
five percent (5%) of the Total Voting Power of the Membership.

4.3 Notice of Meetings.

(a) Notice Period. Written notice of each meeting of the Members shall be given by or
at the direction of the Secretary or other person authorized to give notice of a meeting. Written
notice shall be mailed first class, postage prepaid, or otherwise delivered at least 10 but not more
than 90 days before such meeting, to each Member entitled to vote at such meeting, except that in

Mystique Community Association
Inman + Thomas, LLP -5- 9-17-07v3