the case of a special meeting called pursuant to a written request of Members, notice of such special
meeting shall be mailed or otherwise delivered within 20 days after receipt of such written request
by the Board, and the date of such special meeting shall be set by the Board and shall be not sooner
than 35 days nor later than 90 days after the date of the Board's receipt of such written request.

(b) Content of Notice. Notice of meetings shall be addressed or otherwise delivered to
the Member's address last appearing on the books of the Association or supplied by such Member
to the Association for the purpose of notice. Notice of any meeting of Members shall specify the
date, hour, and place of the meeting, and the general nature of those matters which the Board intends
to present for action by the Members.

(c} Matters to be Transacted. With respect to special meetings, only those matters
referred to in such notice may be transacted. With respect to regular meetings, and notwithstanding
the foregoing, any proper matter may be presented at the meeting for action by the Members, except
that if the meeting is actually attended, in person or by proxy, by less than one-third (1/3) of the
Total Voting Power of the Association, the Members may act only on matters the general nature of
which has been set forth in the notice of such meeting.

4.4 Conduct of Meetings. All meetings of Members shall be conducted in accordance with a
recognized system of parliamentary procedure, such as Robert's Rules of Order, or such parliamentary
procedures as the Association may adopt. A reasonable time limit for all Members to speak at a meeting of
the Members shall be established by the Board of Directors.

4.5 Place of Meetings. Annual and special meetings shall be held at a convenient place located
as close as reasonably practicable to the Development.

4.6 Quorum.

(a) Percent of Members Required. The presence at any meeting, in person or by proxy,
of Members entitled to cast at least one-third (1/3) of the Total Voting Power shall constitute a
quorum for the transaction of any business except that the quorum requirement for any assessment
increases described in Section 6.5(d) and Section 6.6(c) of the Declaration shall require the presence,
in person or by proxy, of Members entitled to cast at more than fifty percent (50%) of the Total
Voting Power of the Association.

(b) Adjournment. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any
meeting, the Members otherwise entitled to vote at that meeting may not transact any business but
may adjourn the meeting from time to time, to be reconvened at a subsequent date which is not less
than five days and not more than thirty (30) days from the time of the adjourned meeting, without
notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented. The
quorum for an adjourned meeting of the Members originally called for any purpose other than to
recall one (1) or more members of the Board of Directors or for any assessment increases described
in Section 6.5(d) and Section 6.6(c) of the Declaration shall be twenty-five percent (25%) of the
Members. The quorum requirements of this section shall be subject to any other provisions of the
Governing Documents specifically establishing a different quorum requirement.

4.7 Proxies. At all meetings of the Members, each Member may vote in person or by proxy.
All proxies shall be in writing and shall be filed with the Secretary. Any duly-executed proxy continues in
full force and effect until an instrument revoking it or a duly-executed proxy bearing a later date is filed with
the Secretary of the Association. Notwithstanding the preceding, no proxy shall be valid after the expiration

Mystique Community Association
Inman » Thomas, LLP -6- 9:17:07 v3