4.9 Disclosure of Voting Results. Fora period of 60 days following the conclusion of a meeting
ofthe Members, the Association shall, upon written request from a Member, inform the Member of the result
of any particular vote of the Members taken at such meeting, including the number of memberships voting
for, the number of memberships voting against the ballot measure. If the matter voted on was the election
of directors, the Association shall report the number of membership votes cast for each nominee for director.

4.10 Adjournment. Whether or not a quorum is present, any meeting of Members may be
adjourned from time to time to be reconvened at a later time, subject to Section 4.6, by the vote of a majority
of the Members present in person or by proxy at such meeting; however, in the absence of a quorum, no
business other than adjournment may be transacted. If a time and place for the adjourned meeting to
reconvene is not fixed by those in attendance at the original meeting in which a quorum was not present, or
if for any reason a new date is fixed for the adjourned meeting to reconvene after adjournment, notice of the
time and place of the adjourned meeting to reconvene shall be given to the Members in the manner prescribed
for regular meetings in Section 4.3, above.

4.11 Action Without a Meeting.

(a) Types of Action Permitted. Any action which may be taken at a regular or special
meeting, other than the election of Directors, may be taken without a meeting of the Members if the
Association distributes a written ballot to every Member entitled to vote. The determination to seek
Member approval for Association actions through the use of written ballots shall be made by a
majority vote of the Board.

(b) Content of Ballots. Written ballots distributed to the Members shall set forth the
proposed action and provide an opportunity to specify approval or disapproval of the proposal. The
written ballots shall provide a reasonable time within which to return the ballot to the Association.
The Board, at is discretion, shall have the power to extend the date within which ballots must be
returned if ballots constituting the necessary quorum requirements for approval of the proposed
action are not received by the original deadline set for their return.

(c) Quorum and Approvals Required. Approval by written ballot shall be valid only
when the number of votes cast equals or exceeds the quorum that would be required if the action
were taken at a meeting, and the number of approvals equals or exceeds the number of votes that
would be required to approve the action if it were taken at a meeting at which the total number of
votes cast was the same as the number of votes cast by ballot.

(d) Content of Solicitation. The written ballot solicitation shall identify the number of
responses needed to meet the quorum requirement and the percentage of approvals necessary to pass
the measure submitted and shall specify the time by which the ballot must be received by the
Association in order to be counted.

(e) Revocation of Ballot. A written ballot, once cast, may not be revoked.

4.12 Secret Ballot Elections. An Association vote or election regarding any of the following shall
be by secret ballot:

(a) Increasing Regular Assessments more than 20% in any fiscal year;

(b) The Levy of Special Assessments in excess of 5% of the Association's budgeted
gross expenses for the fiscal year;

Mystique Community Association
Inman » Thomas, LLP = 8 = 9-17-07 v3