(©) Amendments to the Governing Documents;
(d) Election and removal of Members of the Association Board of Directors; or
(e) The grant of exclusive use of Common Area property to an individual Member.

ARTICLE 5 BOARD OF DIRECTORS; QUALIFICATIONS; TERM OF OFFICE

5.1 Number of Directors. The affairs of this Association shall be managed by or under the
direction of a Board of Directors. The initial Board of Directors shall be comprised of three (3) persons
designated by Declarant, and shall hold office until the first meeting of the membership to be held pursuant
to Section 4.1, above. Thereafter, the Board of Directors shall consist of not less than three (3) nor more than
five (5) Directors, with the exact number of Directors to be fixed, within the limits specified, by approval
of the Board. No reduction in the authorized number of Directors shall have the effect of removing any
Director before that Director's term of office expires.

52 Qualification and Disqualification of Directors. Directors, officers, partners or employees
of Declarant may be nominated by Declarant as Directors of the Association regardless of whether they are
Owners. Except for Directors appointed by Declarant, all directors shall meet the following qualifications,
and shall be subject to disqualification as follows:

 

(a) Good Standing Required. Only Members in Good Standing shall be eligible to be
elected to or serve on the Board.

(b) Number of Owners per Unit on the Board. Only one (1) Owner of a particular Unit
may serve on the Board at any time.

 

(c) Disqualification. A person shall be deemed disqualified under the followings
circumstances: (i) the person is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be of unsound mind
or has been convicted of a felony; (ii) the person fails within 60 days after receiving notice of
election to accept such office, either in writing or by attending a meeting of the Board of Directors
as a Director; (iii) the person is absent, without an excuse approved by the Board, from three
consecutive meetings of the Board; and (iv) with respect to a Director who is or was a Member, the
person ceases to be a Member in Good Standing.

53 Election of Board of Directors.

(a) Staggered Terms of Office. At each annual meeting of the Members, the Members
shall elect, in alternating years, three (3) and two (2) Directors for a five (5) person Board or two (2)
and one (1) Directors for a three (3) person Board, with such Directors serving for terms of two (2)
years each to replace those Directors whose terms are then expiring. At the first election of
Directots, the Director(s) elected who receives the fewest votes shall serve a one year term. A
Director's term of office shall commence immediately following his or her election and each Director
shall serve until the expiration of his or her term and thereafter until a successor is elected, or until
the earlier disqualification, death, resignation, or removal of such Director. Any tie in the number
of votes cast for candidates where more than one (1) Director is to be elected shall be decided by
random drawing or other method of chance as determined by the Board of Directors. There shall
be no limitation on the number of consecutive terms to which a director can be re-elected.

(b) Special Rule for Election of Director by Class A Members . From the first election
of the Board of Directors and thereafter for so long as the majority of the Voting Power of the

Mystique Community Association
Iaman » Thomas, LLP -9- 9-17-07 v3