Association resides with Declarant, or so long as there are Class B Memberships in the Association,
not less than twenty percent (20%) of the Board shall be elected solely by the votes of Owners of
Units other than Declarant (i.e. the Class A Members only).

54 Removal of Directors.

(a) Removal, Generally. Except as provided in Section 5.4(b), and ©, below, any
Director may be removed from the Board, with or without cause, by the vote of an Simple Majority
of the Members at a meeting or by written ballot. No reduction of the authorized number of
Directors shall have the effect of removing any Director prior to the expiration of his or her term of
office.

(b) Protection of Cumulative Voting Rights. Unless the entire Board of Directors is
removed from office, no director may be removed when the votes cast against removal, or not
consenting in writing to such removal, would be sufficient to elect such director if voted
cumulatively at an election at which the same total number of votes were cast (or, if such action is
taken by written ballot, all memberships entitled to vote were voted) and the entire number of
directors authorized at the time of the director's most recent election were then being elected.

(c) Special Rule for Removal of Class A Director. Any Director elected to office solely
by the votes of Class A Members may only be removed from office by the votes of at least fifty-one
percent (51%) of such Class A Members.

5.5 Vacancies. A vacancy shall exist on the Board of Directors in the event of the
disqualification, death, resignation, or removal of any Director, or if the authorized number of Directors is
increased, or if the Members fail to elect the full authorized number of Directors. A reduction in the
authorized number of Directors shall not cause removal of a Director prior to the expiration of his or her
term. The Board of Directors, by a majority vote of the Directors who meet all of the qualifications for
Directors as set forth in Section 5.2, above, may declare vacant the office of any Director who fails or ceases
to meet any required qualification that was in effect at the beginning of that Director's current term of office.

5.6 Filling Vacancies. Any vacancy occurring on the Board of Directors, except a vacancy
created by the removal of a Director or due to an increase in the authorized number of Directors, may be
filled by approval of the Board of Directors, or if the number of Directors then in office is less than a
quorum, by the vote of a majority of the remaining Directors at a meeting of the Board, or by unanimous
written consent of the Directors then in office, or by a sole remaining Director. A Director so chosen shall
serve the remainder of the term of office of the Director whom he or she replaces. The Members may elect
a Director at any time to fill any vacancy not filled by the Directors. If the Board of Directors accepts the
resignation of a Director tendered to take effect at a future time, the Board or, if the Board fails to act, the
Members may elect a successor to take office when the resignation becomes effective. A vacancy occurring
on the Board of Directors due to the removal of a Director or due to an increase in the number of authorized
Directors shall be filled by the vote of the Members pursuant to Article 6, below.

5.7 Compensation. No Director shall receive compensation for any service he or she may render
to the Association as a Director. However, upon approval by the Board, any Director may be reimbursed for
his or her expenses actually incurred in the performance of his or her duties.

Mystique Community Association
Inman » Thomas, LLP -10 - 9-17-07 v3