ARTICLE 6 NOMINATION; ELECTION OF DIRECTORS; INSPECTORS

6.1 Nominatjon.

(a) Nomination Prior to the Mailing of Ballots. Any person meeting the qualifications
specified in Section 5.2 may place his or her name in nomination for election to the Board of
Directors by giving written notice to the President or Secretary of the Association at least 14 days
prior to the date specified by the Board for the mailing of the ballots for the election of Directors.

(b) Nomination Committee. A nominating committee may be appointed each year by
the board. The nominating committee shall consist of a chairperson, who shall be a director, and two
other persons who may either be a member of the Association of a representative of the Declarant.
Each member of the nominating committee shall serve for a period of one (1) year. The nominating
committee shall give written notice to the President or Secretary of the Association of the Members
nominated by the Committee for election to the Board of Directors not less than 14 days prior to the
date specified by the Board for the mailing of the ballots for the election of Directors. All
nominations by the nominating committee shall be made from among persons meeting the
qualifications specified in Section 5.2.

(c) Notice of Nominees. The names of all persons who have been nominated as
candidates for election to the Board of Directors pursuant to this Section 6.1 shall be provided notice
not less than seven (7) days prior to the mailing of the ballots for the election to the Board of
Directors.

6.2 Access to Association Media, Newsletters, or Internet. The Board shall ensure that if any
candidate or Member advocating a point of view is provided access to Association media, newsletters, or
Internet Web sites during a campaign for any matter in which the Members will vote, for purposes that are
reasonably related to that election, equal access shall be provided to all candidates and Members advocating
a point of view, including those not endorsed by the Board, for purposes that are reasonably related to the
election. The Association shall not edit or redact any content from these communications, but may include
a statement specifying that the candidate or Member, and not the Association, is responsible for that content.

6.3 Access to Common Area During Campaign. The Board shall ensure access to the Common
Area meeting space, if any exists, during a campaign, at no cost, to all candidates, including those who are
not incumbents, and to all members advocating a point of view, including those not endorsed by the board,
for purposes reasonably related to the election.

6.4 Elections.

(a) Secret Ballot Elections. For each election conducted by secret ballot pursuant to
Section 4.12, above, such elections shall be conducted in accordance with the provisions of these
Bylaws and any duly adopted Rules regarding secret ballot elections.

(b) Establishing a Quorum. Each ballot received by the inspector of elections shall be
treated as a member present at a meeting for purposes of establishing a quorum. The Association
shall allow for cumulative voting using the secret ballot procedures provided in this section, if
cumulative voting is provided for in the governing documents.

6.5 Qualifications of Inspector of Elections. The Board shall select an independent third party
or parties as an inspector or inspectors of election. The number of inspectors of election shall be one (1) or
three (3). An independent third party includes, but is not limited to, (a) A volunteer poll worker with the

Mystique Community Association
taman + Thoms, LLP -11- 9-17.07 3