county registrar of voters; (b) A licensee of the California Board of Accountancy; or (¢) A notary public. An
independent third party may be a Member of the Association, but may not be a Member of the Board or a
candidate for the Board or related to a Member of the Board or a candidate for the Board. An independent
third party may not be a person, business entity, or a subdivision of a business entity who is currently
employed or under contract to the Association for any compensable services unless expressly authorized by
the rules of the Association pursuant to paragraph 5 of subdivision.

6.6 Inspector of Elections Duties. An inspector or inspectors of election shall perform his or
her duties impartially, in good faith, to the best of his or her ability, and as expeditiously as is practical. If
there are three inspectors of election, the decision or act of a majority shall be effective in all respects as the
decision or act of all Any report made by the inspector or inspectors of election is prima facie evidence of
the facts stated in the report. The inspector or inspectors of election shall do all of the following:

(a) Determine the number of memberships entitled to vote and the voting power of each.
(b) Determine the authenticity, validity, and effect of proxies, if any.
(c) Receive ballots.

(d) Hear and determine all challenges and questions in any way arising out of or in
connection with the right to vote.

(e) Count and tabulate all votes.
fH) Determine when the polls shall close.
(8) Determine the tabulated results of the election.

(h) Perform any acts as may be proper to conduct the election with fairness to all
Members inaccordance with this Article, the California Corporations Code, and all applicable Rules
of the Association regarding the conduct of the election that are not in conflict with this Article.

6.7 Mailing of Ballots. Ballots and two pre-addressed envelopes with instructions on how to
return ballots shall be mailed by first-class mail or delivered by the Association to every Member not less
than 30 days prior to the deadline for voting. In the upper left hand corner of the second envelope, the
following shall be pre-printed; (a) Voter's name; (b) Mailing Address; (c) Unit or Lot number that entitles
him or her to vote; and (d) A line provided where the voter shall sign his or her name. The second envelope
shall be addressed to the inspector or inspectors of election, who will be tallying the votes. The envelope may
be mailed or delivered by hand to the location specified by the inspector or inspectors of election. The
Member may request a receipt for delivery.

6.8 Preserving Confidentiality of Voter. In order to preserve confidentiality, a voter shall not
be identified by name, address, or Unit number on the ballot. The ballot itself is not signed by the voter, but
is inserted into an envelope that is sealed. The envelope containing the ballot is then inserted into a second
envelope that is sealed. In the upper left hand comer of the second envelope, the voter shall sign his or her
name, indicate his or her name, and indicated the address or separate interest identified that entitles him or
her to vote.

6.9 Proxy Election Vote. Proxies shall not be construed or used in lieu of a ballot. Any
instruction given in a proxy issued for an election that directs the manner in which the proxyholder is to cast
the vote shall be set forth on a separate page of the proxy that can be detached and given to the proxyholder

Mystique Community Association
Inman «= Thomas, LLP = 12 = 9-17-07 v3