to retain. The proxyholder shall cast the Member's vote by secret ballot. The proxy may be revoked by the
Member prior to the receipt of the ballot by the inspector of elections. The proxy may be revoked by the
Member prior to he receipt of the ballot by the inspector of elections as described in California Corporations
Code Section 7613.

6.10 Tabulation of Votes. All votes shall be counted and tabulated by the inspector or inspectors
of election or his or her designee in public at a properly noticed open meeting of the Board of Directors or
Members. Any candidate or other Member of the Association may witness the counting and tabulation of
the votes. No person, including a Member of the Association or an employee of the management company,
shall open or otherwise review any ballot prior to the time and place at which the ballots are counted and
tabulated. The inspector of election, or his or her designee, may verify the Members information and
signature on the outer envelope prior to the meeting at which ballots are tabulated. Once a secret ballot is
received by the inspector of elections, it shall be irrevocable. The sealed ballots at all times shall be in the
custody of the inspector or inspectors of election or at a location designated by the inspector or inspectors
until after the tabulation of the vote, at which time custody shall be transferred to the Association.

6.11 Additional Persons to Assist Inspector. Inspector or inspectors may appoint and oversee
additional persons to verify signatures and to count and tabulate votes as the Inspector or Inspectors deem
appropriate, provided that the persons are independent third parties.

 

6.12 Reporting of Results. The tabulated results of the election shall be promptly reported to the
Board of Directors of the Association and shall be recorded in the minutes of the next meeting of the Board
of directors and shall be available for review by Members of the Association. Within 15 days of the election,
the Board shall publicize the tabulated results of the election in a communication directed to all Members.

6.13 Storage of Ballots. After the transfer of the ballots to the Association, the ballots shall be
stored by the Association in a secure place for no less than one (1) year after the date of the election. In the
event of a recount or other challenge to the election process, the Association shall, upon written request,
make the ballots available for inspection and review by an Association Members or their authorized
representatives. Any recount shall be conducted in a manner that shall preserve the confidentiality of the
vote.

ARTICLE 7 MEETING OF DIRECTORS

 

7.1 Organizational Meetings. Immediately following each annual meeting of Members, the
Board of Directors shall hold a meeting for the purpose of organization, election of officers, and transaction
of other business, as appropriate.

72 Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at least quarterly
without notice to the Directors, at a place within the Development, or at a convenient place located as close
as reasonably practicable to the Development, and on a day and at a time as fixed from time to time by
resolution of the Board, or upon proper notice which conforms to the provisions of Section 7.5 of these
Bylaws, at another place, day, and time as set forth in such notice.

13 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held when called by
the President of the Association or by any two (2) Directors.

74 Emergency Meetings. The President or any two (2) Directors may call an emergency
meeting of the Board. An "emergency meeting" is defined as a meeting held to address circumstances that
could not have been reasonably foreseen which require immediate attention and possible action by the Board,
and which of necessity make it impracticable to provide the notice to Members required by Section 7.6.

Mystique Community Association
Inman « Thomas, LLP -13- 9-17-07 v3