7.5 Notice to Directors. Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.2 of these Bylaws, notice
of each meeting of the Board shall be communicated to the Directors by first class mail not less than four
days prior to the meeting or by. (i) personal delivery, (ii) telephone, including a voice messaging system or
other system or technology designed to record and communicate messages, (iii) telegraph, (iv) facsimile, or
(v) electronic mail or other electronic means, not less than 48 hours prior to the meeting. In the event of an
emergency meeting as provided in Section 7.4, strict adherence to the notice requirements of this section
shall not be required provided that a reasonable effort to give notice to each Director shall be made taking
into consideration the nature and circumstances of the emergency. Notice of a meeting need not be given
to any Director who signed a waiver of notice or a written consent to holding the meeting, or an approval of
the minutes thereof, whether before or after the meeting, nor must notice be given to any Director who
attends a meeting without protesting, prior thereto or at its commencement, the lack of notice to that Director.

7.6 Notice to Members. Except for emergency meetings as provided for in Section 7.4 and
executive sessions as provided for in Section 7.8, Members shall be given notice of the day, time, and place
of each meeting of the Board of Directors, whether regular or special, at least four days’ prior to such
meeting. Notice shall be given to all Members by posting the notice in a prominent place or places within
the Common Area and by mail to any Owner who has requested notification of Board meetings by mail, at
the address requested by the Owner. Notice may also be given by (i) mailing or delivery to each Residence,
or (ii) by newsletter, or (iii) by other means of communication reasonably designed to provide prior actual
notice of such meeting.

7.7 Open Meeting. Regular and special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be open to all
Members of the Association, except when the Board meets in executive session pursuant to Section7.8. A
reasonable time limit for all Members to speak to the Board shall be established by the Board.

7.8 Executive Session. The Board of Directors may meet in executive session to confer with
legal counsel or to discuss and vote upon personnel matters, Member discipline, litigation in which the
Association is or may become involved, and matters that relate to the formation of contracts between the
Association and others. In any matter relating to the discipline of a Member, the Board shall meet in
executive session if requested to do so by that Member, and that Member and any other person whose
participation is, in the judgment of the Board, necessary or appropriate shall be entitled to attend the
executive session. All Board of Director meetings held pursuant to a Member's request in accordance with
California Civil Code Section 1367.1 shall be held in executive session.

7.9 Telephone Participation. Directors may participate in regular or special Board meetings
through the use of conference telephone, electronic video screen communications, or other communications
equipment to the extent permitted by law, including, without limitation, California Corporations Code
Section 7211(a)(6) provided that, if notice to the Members of the meeting is required pursuant to Section 7.6,
at least one (1) Director must be physically present at the noticed location of the Board meeting.

7.10 Quorum. A majority of the number of Directors then in office, but not less than
two Directors, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. Every act or decision done or made
by a majority of the Directors present at a duly-held meeting at which a quorum is present shall be regarded
as the act of the Board. Business may continue to be conducted if any action taken is approved by at least
a majority of the Directors required to constitute a quorum notwithstanding the withdrawal of enough
directors to leave less than a quorum.

7.11 Minutes of Meetings of Directors.

(a) Time for Publication of Minutes. Within thirty days after the date of any meeting
of the Board, the Board shall make available to the Members either (i) the minutes of that meeting

Mystique Community Association
taman « Thomas, LLP -14- 9-17-07 v3