as adopted by the Board, (ii) those minutes as proposed for adoption which shall be marked to
indicate draft status, or (iii) a summary of the minutes. Any matter discussed in an executive session
shall be generally noted in the minutes of the Board and minutes of executive sessions shall not
otherwise be required.

(b) Copies of Minutes. Copies of the minutes, proposed minutes, or summary of
minutes shall be provided to any Member of the Association upon request and upon reimbursement
ofthe Association's costs in providing such copies. The Board may, but shall not be required to, post
the minutes of its meetings on an internet site.

(c) Notice of Right to Obtain Copies of Minutes. Members of the Association shall be
notified annually in writing either at the time that the pro forma budget required under California
Civil Code Section 1365 is distributed or at the time of any other general mailing to the entire
membership of the Association of their right to obtain copies of the minutes of meetings of the Board
and how and where those minutes may be obtained.

7.12 Action Without a Meeting. An action required or permitted to be taken by the Board may
be taken without a meeting, if all members of the Board shall individually or collectively consent in writing
to that action. The written consent or consents shall be filed with the minutes of the proceedings of the
Board. The action by written consent shall have the same force and effect as a unanimous vote of the
Directors. If the Board resolves to take any action by unanimous written consent, an explanation of the action
taken shall be posted at a prominent place or places within the Common Area within three (3) days after the
written consents of all Board members is obtained. If the Board deems the Common Area as unsuitable for
posting the explanation of the action taken, the Board shall communicate the explanation to the Members
by any means it deems appropriate.

ARTICLE § POWERS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

8.1 Powers, Generally. In addition to such other powers as may be expressly set forth in
Article 2 of the Declaration, and elsewhere in the Governing Documents or provided by law, the Board of
Directors shall have the powers set forth in below in Sections 8.1 through 8.16.

82 Rules and Regulations. The Board shall have the power to adopt, publish, amend, repeal,
and enforce Rules and regulations governing the administration, management, operation, use, and occupancy
of the Development, including, without limitation, the use of the Common Area and facilities, the personal
conduct of the Members and their tenants and guests within the Development, and any other matter which
is within the jurisdiction of the Association. The procedure for the adoption and modification of Rules by
the Board with respect to the matters specified in Section 8.2(i) shall be as follows:

(a) Notice of Proposed Rule Change. The Board shall provide written notice of a
proposed new Rule, a change to an existing Rule or the repeal of an existing Rule, concerning
matters specified in Section 8.2(i) (a "Rule Change"), to the Members at least 30 days before
adopting the same. The notice shall include the text of the proposed Rule Change and a description
of the purpose and effect of the same. Notice is not required under this subsection if the Board
determines that an immediate Rule Change is necessary to address an imminent threat to public
health or safety or imminent risk of substantial economic loss to the Association.

(b) Decision on Rule Change. A decision on a proposed Rule Change shall be made
at a meeting of the Board, after consideration of any comments made by Members.

Mystique Community Association
Inman » Thomas, LLP oo -15- 917-0713