(c) Notice of Rule Change. As soon as possible after making a Rule Change, but not
more than 15 days after making the Rule Change, the Board shall deliver notice of the Rule Change
to all Members. Members are deemed to have been notified of a Rule Change on delivery of notice
of the Rule Change, or on enforcement of the resulting Rule, whichever is sooner. If the Rule
Change was an emergency Rule Change made under Section 8.2(d), the notice shall include the text
of the Rule Change, a description of the purpose and effect of the Rule Change, and the date that the
Rule Change expires.

(d) Emergency Rule Change. If the Board determines that an immediate Rule Change
is required to address an imminent threat to public health or safety, or an imminent risk of substantial
economic loss to the Association, it may make an emergency Rule Change. In such case, the notice
specified in Section 8.2(a) shall not be required. An emergency Rule Change is effective for 120
days, unless the Rule Change provides for a shorter effective period. A Rule Change made pursuant
to this subsection may not be readopted pursuant to this subsection.

(e) Delivery of Notice of Rule Change. Delivery of notices required by this section is
governed by Section 12.12.

f) Meeting for Reversal of Rule Change. Members may call for a special meeting of
the Members in accordance with Section 4.2 to reverse a Rule Change adopted by the Board,
provided that the same is delivered within 30 days after the Members are notified of the Rule
Change.

 

(g) Reversal of Rule Change. The Rule Change adopted by the Board may be reversed
by the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (2/3) of the Total Voting Power. In lieu of calling the
meeting described in this section, the Board may utilize a written ballot in accordance with
Section 4.12. As soon as possible after the close of voting, but not more than 15 days after the close
of voting, the Board shall provide notice of the results of the Member vote held pursuant to this
section to every Member. This section does not apply to an emergency Rule Change made under
Section 8.2(d).

(h) Readoption of Reversed Rule. A Rule Change reversed by the Members pursuant
to Section 8.2(g) may not be readopted for a period of one year after the date of the meeting
reversing the Rule Change. Nothing in this section precludes the Board from adopting a different
Rule on the same subject as the Rule Change that has been reversed.

(i) Applicable Rules. Sections 8.2(a) through (h) shall only apply to a Rule that relates
to one (1) or more of the following subjects:

i) Use of the Common Area.

(ii) Use of a Unit, including any aesthetic or architectural standards that govern
alteration of any improvements to a Unit.

(iiiy ~~ Member discipline, including any schedule of monetary penalties for
violation of the Governing Documents and any procedure for the imposition of penalties.

(iv) Any standards for delinquent Assessment payment plans.

wv) Any procedures adopted by the Association for resolution of Assessment
disputes.

Mystique Community Association
taman + Thomas, LLP -16- 9-17-07 v3