(vi) Any procedures for reviewing and approving or disapproving a proposed
physical change to a Member's Unit or to Common Area.

(vii) Procedures for elections.

[6)] Inapplicability of Rule Change Procedure. The requirements of Section 8.2(a)
through (h) shall not apply to any other actions of the Board, including without limiting the
following:

3) A decision regarding maintenance of the Common Area.
(ii) A decision on a specific matter that is not intended to apply generally.
(iiiy A decision setting the amount of a Regular or Special Assessment.

(iv) A Rule Change that is required by law, if the Board of Directors has no
discretion as to the substantive effect of the Rule Change.

w) Issuance of a document that merely repeats existing law or the Governing
Documents.

8.3 Contracts. Subject to the limitations on contracts described in Section 8.17 below, the Board
shall have the power to authorize any officer or officers to enter into any contract in the name of, or on behalf
of, the Association. Unless expressly authorized by resolution of the Board, no officer shall have any power
or authority to bind the Association or to render the Association liable for any purpose or on any account.

8.4 Determination of Good Standing. The Board shall have the power to determine, after notice
to the Member and an opportunity for a hearing by the Board, that a Member is not a Member in Good
Standing during any period in which the Member is in default in the payment of any assessment, fine, or
other charge levied by the Board or is in violation of any provision of the Governing Documents. However,
a Member shall not be denied any privileges of membership except upon an explicit finding by the Board
of Directors, after notice and an opportunity for a hearing, that a Member is not a Member in Good Standing
for specified reasons. A Member found by the Board to be not a Member in Good Standing shall be deemed
to continue in that status until the Board shall make a determination, either upon the Board's own initiative
or upon the request of the Member, that such Member is, once again, a Member in Good Standing of the
Association.

 

8.5 Sanctions; Hearings; Continuing Violations. The Board shall have the power to impose any
or all of the sanctions, and conduct hearings, as indicated below:

(a) Imposition of Fines. The Board shall have the power to establish and impose fines,
which shall be Enforcement Assessments as provided in Section 6.8 of the Declaration, for the
infraction of any provision of the Governing Documents in accordance with a schedule of fines
adopted by the Board and distributed to all Members. The fines shall be in such amount as the Board
of Directors, in its discretion, shall determine and may be imposed on a per day basis for the period
that the violation continues in the case of a continuing violation as discussed below.

(b) Suspension of Rights. The Board shall have the power to suspend the voting or
other membership rights and privileges of a Member, including the right to use the recreational
facilities (i) during any period in which such Member shall be in default in the payment of any

Mystique Community Association
Inman + Thomas, LLP -17 - 9:17:07 v3