Assessment, fine or other charge levied by the Association, and (ii) for any infraction of the
Governing Documents.

() Hearings. Except as provided in Article 10 of the Declaration and Section 8.5(¢)
below, before any action is taken or discipline is imposed upon a Member, the Board shall hold a
meeting to consider the matter.

(d) Notice of Hearings. At least ten days prior to any Board meeting where the
imposition of discipline upon a Member is to be considered, the Board shall provide written notice
of the meeting to the Member by either personal delivery or first-class mail. The notice shall contain
at least (i) the date, time and place of the meeting, (ii) the nature of the alleged violation for which
the Member may be disciplined, and (iii) a statement that the Member has a right to attend the
meeting and may address the Board at the meeting.

(e) Hearings in Emergency Situations. When corrective action is taken in emergency
situations as specified in Article 10 of the Declaration:

(i) The Board may act on its own initiative to schedule a hearing.

(ii) Ifthe Board has not scheduled a hearing and the disciplined Member desires
a hearing, the Member's written request therefor shall be delivered to the Association no
later than ten days following the date when the notice of the Board's disciplinary action is
transmitted to the Member. The hearing shall be held within 30 days following the receipt
by the Board of the Member's request for a hearing.

(iii)  Ifahearing is scheduled or requested, any discipline already imposed shall
be held in abeyance and shall become effective only if affirmed at the hearing.

(iv) Notification of all hearings shall be made in accordance with Section 8.5(d).

® Continuing Violations. In the case of a continuing violation, the Board may deem
such continuing violation to constitute two or more separate and distinct violations of the same
Governing Document provision and may impose separate and successive sanctions for each such
violation. However, the Board shall not impose a separate sanction for violation of the same
provision more frequently than once per day.

(8) Notice of Discipline. If the Board imposes discipline upon a Member, the Board
shall provide the Member with written notification of the disciplinary action, by either personal
delivery or first-class mail, within 15 days following the action.

8.6 Manager. The Board shall have the power to engage the services of a manager or
management company as either an employee or an independent contractor, and engage such other employees
or independent contractors as the Board may deem necessary, and to prescribe their duties.

8.7 Professional Advisors. The Board shall have the power to consult with, seek the advice of,
and reasonably rely on the advice of attorneys, accountants, and other professionals in carrying out its
authority and responsibility under the Governing Documents and the law, and to pay for such professional
services.

8.8 Investment of Reserve Funds. The Board shall have the power to invest Association reserve
funds in prudent investments subject to the provisions of Section 9.5 of these Bylaws.

Mystique Community Association
Inman » Thomas, LLP -18- 9-17-07 v3