8.9 Entry for Repairs. The Board shall have the power to enter any Unit, whenever such entry
is necessary, in the Board's sole discretion, in connection with the performance of any maintenance, repair,
construction, or replacement for which the Association is responsible or which it is authorized to perform,
including without limitation the authorization provided in Section 7.6 of the Declaration. Although under
no obligation to do so, the Board, in its complete and sole discretion, may enter or may authorize the
Association's agents to enter any Unit to effect emergency repairs where such repairs are necessary for safety
reasons or to prevent or discontinue damage to the entered Unit, any other Unit or the Common Area. Such
entry shall be made with as little inconvenience to the Residents as practicable and only upon reasonable
advance written notice of not less than twenty-four (24) hours, except in emergency situations.

8.10 Property Taxes. The Board shall have the power to pay all real property taxes and
assessments levied upon any property within the Development to the extent not separately assessed to the
Owners. Such taxes and assessments may be contested or compromised by the Association provided that
any such taxes are paid or that a bond insuring the payment is posted.

8.11 Education. The Board shall have the power to join educational and trade organizations,
attend seminars and events, and subscribe to publications which provide information regarding common
interest developments, their management, the duties and obligations of the Board of Directors, and the
general operational aspects of the Association.

8.12 Association Property. The Board shall have the power to subject to the provisions of the
Declaration, including any required approval of Members, acquire, own, hold, convey, transfer, dedicate, or
otherwise dispose of real or personal property consistent with the purposes and powers of the Association
and the management, administration, and operation of the Development or the business and affairs of the
Association, and grant and convey easements, licenses, and rights of way in, over, upon, or under the
Common Area.

8.13 Indemnification of Agents. The Board shall have the power to indemnify and hold harmless,
to the maximum extent permitted by California law, each person who is or at any time was a director, officer,
employee, or agent of the Association or member of any committee appointed by the Board from and against
any and all claims, liabilities, expenses, judgments, fines, settlements, and other amounts, as those terms are
defined by California law, actually and reasonably incurred by any such person, and to which any such
person shall become subject by reason of his or her being a director, officer, employee, or agent of the
Association or member of any committee appointed by the Board

8.14 Bank Accounts. The Board shall have the power to open bank accounts and designate
signatories upon such bank accounts, subject to any restrictions set forth in the Governing Documents.

8.15 Borrowing. The Board shall have the power to borrow money in the name ofthe Association
as provided in the Declaration.

8.16 Other Powers and Duties. The Board shall have the power to exercise for the Association
all powers, duties, and authority vested in or delegated to the Association and not reserved to the Members
by other provisions of the Governing Documents, and undertake any action on behalf of the Association as
the Board shall deem necessary or proper in furtherance of the purposes and powers of the Association and/or
the interests of the Association and its Members.

8.17 Limitation of Powers. The Board of Directors shall not take any of the following actions
without the consent of a majority of a simple majority of the Class A Members of the Association, other the
Total Voting Power of the Association pursuant to a meeting held pursuant to Article 4, above, or by written
assent pursuant to Section 4.11, above: )

Mystique Community Association

tnmen + Thomas, LLP -19- 9-17-07 v3