(a) Contracts for a Term Longer than One (1) Year. The Board shall not have the power
to enter into a contract with a third party for the furnishing of goods or services tothe Common Area
or the Association for a term longer than one (1) year. This restriction shall not apply to:

(i) FHA or VA approved management contracts;

(ii) Public utility contracts where the rates charged for materials or services are
regulated by the Public Utilities Commission; provided, however that the term of the
contract shall not exceed the shortest term for which the supplier will contract at the
regulated rate;

(iii) ~~ Prepaid casualty or liability insurance policies not to exceed three (3) years,
provided the policies provide for short rate cancellation by the insured;

(iv) Lease agreements for laundry room fixtures and equipment not to exceed
five (5) years' duration provided that the lessor under the agreement is not an entity in which
Declarant has a direct or indirect ownership of ten percent (10%) or more;

w) Agreements for cable television services and equipment or satellite dish
television services and equipment of not to exceed five (5) years' duration, provided that the
supplier is not an entity in which Declarant has a direct or indirect ownership interest of ten
percent (10%) or more;

(vi) ~~ Agreements for sale or lease of burglar alarm and fire alarm equipment,
installation and services of not to exceed five (5) years' duration; provided that the supplier
or suppliers are not entities in which Declarant has a direct or indirect ownership interest
of ten percent (10%) or more; or

(vii) A contract for a term not to exceed three (3) years that is terminable by the
Association after not longer than one (1) year without cause, penalty or other obligation
upon ninety (90) days written notice of termination to the other party.

(b) Capital Improvements. The Board shall not have the power to incur aggregate
expenditures for capital improvements to the Common Areas in any fiscal year in excess of
five percent (5%) of the budgeted gross expenses of the Association for that year.

(c) Sale of Property. The Board shall not have the power to sell during any fiscal year
property of the Association having an aggregate fair market value greater than five percent (5%) of
the budgeted gross expenses of the Association for that fiscal year.

(d) Compensation. The Board shall not have the power to pay compensation to
members of the Board of Directors or the officers of the Association; provided, however; that
directors and officers can be reimbursed for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses, verified in writing,
incurred in carrying on the business of the Association.

(e) Vacancies on the Board. The Board shall not have the power to fill any vacancy on
the Board of Directors created by the Member's removal of a Director pursuant to Section 5.4, above.
[63] Entry into Units. The Board shall not have the power to enter into a Unit in a non-
emergency situation unless the Owner is furnished with at least twenty-four (24) hours’ written

Mystique Community Association

Toman + Thomas, LLP -20- 917-073