those major components that the Association is obligated to maintain, restore, repair, or
replace.

(c) Distribution of Pro Forma Summary. In lieu of the distribution of the pro forma
operating budget, the Board may distribute a summary of such budget to all Members together with
a written notice that the budget is available at the office of the Association or at another suitable
location within the boundaries of the Development and that copies will be provided to a Member
upon a Member's request and at the expense of the Association. If any Member so requests, the
Association shall provide a copy of the pro forma operating budget to such Member by United States
mail first-class postage prepaid, and such copy shall be mailed within five (5) days of such request.
The written notice that is distributed to each Association Member as set forth herein shall be set
forth in at least 10-point bold type on the front page of the summary of the budget.

9.3 Reserve Study. The Board of Directors shall cause to be conducted, at least once every three
years, a reasonably competent and diligent visual inspection of the accessible areas of the major components
which the Association is obligated to repair, replace, restore or maintain as part of a study of the reserve
account requirements of the Development if the current replacement value of such major components is equal
to or greater than one-half of the gross budget of the Association for the fiscal year, excluding the
Association's reserve account for that year. The Board shall review the reserve study annually and shall
consider and implement necessary adjustments to the Board's analysis of the reserve account requirements
as aresult of that review. The reserve study required by this section shall include the minimum requirements
specified in California Civil Code Sections 1365.2.5 and 1365.5 or comparable successor statute.

9.4 Reserve Funds. The Board of Directors shall not expend funds designated as reserve funds
for any purpose other than the maintenance, restoration, repair, or replacement of, or litigation involving the
maintenance, restoration, repair, or replacement of, major components which the Association is obligated
to maintain, restore, repair, or replace and for which the reserve fund was established; provided, however,
that the Board may authorize a temporary transfer of money from a reserve fund to the Association's general
operating fund to meet short term cash flow requirements or other expenses, provided the Board has made
a written finding, recorded in the Board's minutes, explaining the reasons that the transfer is needed and
describing when and how the money will be repaid to the reserve fund, and provided, further, that any such
transferred funds shall be restored to the reserve fund within one (1) year of the date of the initial transfer,
except as otherwise expressly provided by law. The Board shall exercise prudent fiscal management in
maintaining the integrity of the reserve account.

9.5 Investment of Reserve Funds. The Board of Directors shall manage and invest Association
reserve funds in a prudent manner designed to achieve the primary objective of preserving principal while
realizing a reasonable return and to assure the availability of funds as they are needed based upon the most
recent reserve fund study obtained by the Board as provided in these Bylaws and by law.

9.6 Review of Accounts. The Board of Directors shall review the Association's operating and
reserve accounts at least in accordance with the following minimum requirements:

(a) Operating Accounts. The Board of Directors shall review a current reconciliation
of the Association's operating accounts on at least a quarterly basis;

(b) Reserve Accounts. The Board of Directors shall review a current reconciliation of
the Association's reserve accounts on at least a quarterly basis;

Mystique Community Association
Taman » Thomas, LLP -22- 9-17-07 v3