(c) Compare Reserve to Budget. The Board of Directors shall review, on at least a
quarterly basis, the current year's actual reserve revenues and expenses compared to the current
year's budget;

(d) Account Statements. The Board of Directors shall review the latest account
statements prepared by the financial institutions where the Association keeps its operating and
reserve accounts; and

(e) Income and Expense Statements. The Board of Directors shall review an income
and expense statement for the Association's operating and reserve accounts on at least a quarterly
basis.

9.7 Annual Financial Statements.

(a) Annual Report. The Board of Directors shall cause an annual report to be prepared
not later than 120 days after the close of the Association's fiscal year. Such annual report shall
contain in appropriate detail (i) a balance sheet as of the end of the fiscal year, (ii) an income
statement for such fiscal year, (iii) a statement of changes in financial position for such fiscal year,
(iv) a statement of the place where the names and addresses of the current Members are located, and
(v) any information required by California Corporations Code Section 8322. The annual report shall
be accompanied by any report of independent accountants, or, if there is no such report, by a
certificate of an authorized officer of the Association that the statements were prepared without
audit from the books and records of the Association. The latest annual report shall be sent to any
Member promptly upon his or her written request.

®) Review of Financial Statements. The Board of Directors shall for any fiscal year
in which the gross income to the Association exceeds $75,000.00, distribute to all Members of the
Association within 120 days after the close of such fiscal year a review of the financial statements
of the Association prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles by a
licensee of the California State Board of Accountancy.

9.8 Notification Regarding Insurance Coverage. In accordance with California Civil Code
Section 1365, not less than 30 days nor more than 90 days immediately preceding the beginning of the
Association's fiscal year, the Board of Directors shall prepare and distribute to all Members a summary of
the Association's property, general liability, and earthquake and flood and fidelity insurance policies, if any.
The summary shall include the name of the insurer, the type of insurance, the policy limits of the insurance,
and the amount of deductibles, if any. The Association's disclosure obligations may be satisfied by
distributing to the Members a copy of the insurance policy declaration page, so long as that page presents
the information specified in the preceding sentence. As soon as reasonably practicable, the Association shall
notify the Members by first-class mail if any of the policies described above have lapsed, been canceled, and
are not immediately renewed, restored, or replaced, or if there is a significant change, such as a reduction
in coverage or limits or an increase in the deductible for any of those policies. If the Association receives
any notice of nonrenewal of a policy described above, the Association shall immediately notify the Members
if replacement coverage will not be in effect by the date the existing coverage will lapse. The summary
distributed pursuant to this section shall contain the statement required by California Civil Code
Section 1365(e)(4), the current version of which is set forth on attached Exhibit "A". The statement shall
be printed in at least 10-point boldface type.

Mystique Community Association

foman + Thomas, LLP -23- 9:17:07 93