9.9 Annual Notifications to Members.

 

(a) Lien Rights and Remedies. The Board of Directors shall distribute to the Members
annually statement describing the Association's policies and practices in enforcing lien rights and
other legal remedies for default in payment of assessments as required by California Civil Code
Section 1365(d).

(b) Alternative Dispute Resolution. The Board of Directors shall distribute to the
Members annually a summary of the statutory provisions relating to employing alternative dispute
resolution procedures in certain matters related to enforcement of the governing documents which
specifically references California Civil Code Section 1369.510 et seq. and which includes the
language required by California Civil Code Sections 1363.850 and 1369.590. The current version
of the 1369.590 summary and the Association’s initial dispute resolution procedures are set forth on
attached Exhibit "B". The summary shall be provided either at the time the budget required by
Section 9.2 of these Bylaws is distributed or in the manner specified in California Corporations Code
Section 5016.

 

(c) Fines, Penalties and Sanctions. The Board of Directors shall distribute to the
Members annually a copy of the procedures applicable to imposition of a fine or other monetary
penalty, suspension of a Member's rights and privileges, or other sanctions, pursuant to California
Civil Code Section 1363(g).

 

(d) Insurance. The Board of Directors shall distribute to the Members annually a notice
and statement concerning the insurance carried by the Association as required by Section 9.8 ofthese
Bylaws and California Civil Code Section 1365(e).

(e) Pro Forma Operating Budget. The Board of Directors shall distribute to the
Members annually a pro forma operating budget as required by Section 9.2 of these Bylaws and
California Civil Code Section 1365(a).

 

® Copies of Minutes. The Board of Directors shall distribute to the Members annually
a statement explaining the Members’ right to obtain copies of minutes of meetings of the Board as
required by Section 7.11 of these Bylaws and by California Civil Code Section 1363.05(c).

(8) Assessments and Foreclosure. The Board of Directors shall distribute to the
Members annually the notice regarding assessments and foreclosure required by California Civil
Code Section 1365.1, the current version of which is set forth on attached Exhibit "C". The notice
shall be printed in at least 12-point type and shall be distributed during the 60-day period
immediately preceding the beginning of the Association's fiscal year.

 

(h) Architectural Review Process. The Board of Directors shall distribute to the
Members annually a notice of the requirements for Association approval of physical changes to
property by a Member. The notice shall describe the types of changes that require Association
approval and shall include a copy of the procedures used to review and approve or disapprove a
proposed change.

9.10 Notice of Assessments. As more fully provided in the Declaration, the Board of Directors
shall: (i) send written notice to each Owner in advance of each fiscal year of the Regular Assessment levied
against his or her Unit for that fiscal year; and (ii) collect assessments levied by the Association by
foreclosing the lien against any property for which assessments are not paid as required in the Declaration
and/or by bringing an action at law against the Owner personally obligated to pay the same. The Board of

Mystique Community Association
Taman + Thomas, LLP -24- 9-17.07 v3