Directors shall establish and inform owners of a mailing address for overnight payments, and shall timely
call such meetings as necessary to comply with any meeting requested by a Member pursuant to Civil Code
Section 1367.1. To the extent one document provides the information required in more than one of the above
listed items, any such requirements listed above may be satisfied by reviewing the same document.

9.11 Certificate of Payment of Assessments. The Board of Directors shall issue, or cause an
appropriate officer to issue, upon demand by any proper person, a certificate setting forth whether or not any
assessment has been paid. A reasonable charge may be made by the Board for the issuance of such
certificates. Ifa certificate states an assessment has been paid, such certificate shall be conclusive evidence
of such payment.

9.12 Insurance. To the extent they are available at a reasonable premium cost, the Board of
Directors shall obtain and maintain in force the policies of insurance described in Article 10 of the
Declaration.

9.13 Enforcement of Governing Documents. The Board of Directors shall enforce the provisions
of the Governing Documents, as more particularly set forth in the Declaration, and perform all acts required
of the Board under the Governing Documents or required by law.

ARTICLE 10 OFFICERS AND THEIR DUTIES

10.1 Enumeration of Officers. The officers of the Association shall be a President, a Vice-
President, a Secretary, and a Chief Financial Officer (who may from time to time be referred to as the
Treasurer), who shall at all times be members of the Board of Directors, and such other officers as the Board
of Directors may, from time to time, by resolution appoint.

10.2 Election of Officers. The Board of Directors shall elect the officers. The election of officers
shall take place immediately following the election of the Board of Directors, or at the first meeting of the
Board of Directors following each annual meeting of the Members.

10.3 Term. The officers of this Association shall be elected annually by the Board, and each shall
hold office for one (1) year, unless he or she shall sooner resign, be removed by the Board, or otherwise be
disqualified to serve.

 

10.4 Special Appointments. The Board may elect such other officers as the affairs of the
Association may require, each of whom shall hold office for such period, have such authority, and perform
such duties as the Board may, from time to time, determine.

10.5  Resignationand Removal. Any officer may be removed from office, with or without cause,
by the Board. Any officer may resign at any time by giving written notice to the Board, the President, or the
Secretary. Such resignation shall take effect on the date of receipt of such notice or at any later time
specified therein, and unless otherwise specified therein, the acceptance of such resignation shall not be
necessary to make it effective.

10.6 Vacancies. A vacancy in any office may be filled by appointment by the Board. The officer
appointed to such vacancy shall serve for the remainder of the term of the officer he/she replaces, subject
to the Board's right to remove an officer.

10.7 Multiple Offices. The offices of Secretary and Treasurer may be held by the same person.
No person shall simultaneously hold more than one of any of the other offices, except in the case of special
offices created pursuant to Section 10.4 of these Bylaws.

Mystique Community Association
Inman + Thomas, LLP -25- 9-17-07 3