10.8 President. The President shall be the chief executive officer of the Association and shall,
subject to control of the Board of Directors, have general supervision, direction, and control of the affairs
and the other officers and the employees and agents of the Association. The President shall preside at all
meetings of the Members and at all meetings of the Board of Directors, shall have the general powers and
duties of management usually vested in the office of the President of an Association, and shall have such
other powers and duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors and the Bylaws, subject, however,
to any limitations contained in the Declaration.

10.9 Vice-President. In the absence or disability of the President, the Vice-President shall
perform all the duties of the President, and when so acting, shall have all of the powers of, and be subject
to all of the restrictions upon, the President. The Vice-President shall have such other powers and perform
such other duties as, from time to time, may be prescribed by the Board of Directors.

10.10 Secretary. The Secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal office or such other
place as the Board of Directors may prescribe, a book of minutes of all meetings of Directors, Members, and
Committees of the Board setting forth the time and place of holding of such meetings; whether regular or
special, and if special, how authorized; the notice thereof given; the names of those present at meetings of
the Board or of Committees of the Board; the number of memberships and votes present or represented at
Members meetings; and all the proceedings thereof. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice
of all meetings of the Members and of the Board of Directors required by the Bylaws or by law to be given
and shall maintain a proper record of the giving of such notice, and shall keep the books, records, and
documents of the Association in safe custody, and shall have such other powers and perform such other
duties as may be prescribed by the Board of Directors or the Bylaws.

10.11 Treasurer. The Treasurer shall be responsible for the receipt and deposit in appropriate
accounts of all monies of the Association and shall cause disbursement of such funds as directed by
resolution of the Board of Directors; may sign all checks and promissory notes of the Association; shall cause
10 be kept proper books of account; shall cause an annual review of the Association's books and financial
statements to be made by a public accountant at the completion of any fiscal year for which such review is
required by law or as determined by the Board; shall assist the Board in preparation of an annual budget and
a statement of income and expenditures to be presented to the Members of the Association as provided by
law; and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the Board of
Directors.

ARTICLE 11 COMMITTEES

11.1 Committees of the Board. Any "Committee of the Board" (that is, a committee consisting
only of Directors, as referred to in California Corporations Code Section 7212) shall consist of at least two
(2) Directors and shall have such powers and duties as the Board shall determine, subject to the limitations
of California Corporations Code Section 7212.

11.2 Standing Committees. The Board may appoint standing committees consisting of at least
one (1) person who is not a Director. Directors may be members of committees created pursuant to this
section provided that fewer than a majority of Directors then in office serve on any one such committee.
Such committees shall not be required to keep minutes but shall report on their activities to the Board from
time to time as directed by the Board and shall operate under the supervision of and at the direction of the
Board. No standing committee shall have the authority to enter into contracts or otherwise act on behalf of
the Association. The Board of Directors shall have the right at any time, in its complete discretion, to
disband any standing committee or remove any member thereof.

Mystique Community Association
Inman » Thomas, LLP -26- 9.17.01 v3