11.3 Common Area Defect Committee. A Common Area Defect Committee (hereafter "Common
Area Committee") shall be formed to initiate, defend and/or settle litigation, negotiate, intervene in
mediation, arbitration, judicial or administrative proceedings in matters pertaining to damage to the Common
Area and warranty claims that may arise with respect to the Common Area.

(a) Composition. The five (5) Member Common Area Committee shall be comprised
of the Association President and Secretary, as well as the first three (3) initial Class A Members. If
one or more of the first three (3) Class A Members on the Committee resigns or otherwise declines
to participate as part of the Common Area Committee, then the remaining Common Area Committee
members shall appoint Class A Members to fill the any vacant positions on the committee.

(b) Authority. The Common Area Committee shall have all of the powers and authority
enjoyed by the Board except with respect to the items enumerated in California Corporations Code
Section 7212(a)(1) through (8); provided, however, that all such powers exercised shall be exercised
only in relation to a Civil Code Section 895 decision. The Common Area Committee shall meet
whenever it needs to consider any information that may be relevant to a Civil Code Section 895
decision. If the Common Area Committee elects to initiate a claim under Title 7, Part 2 of Division
2 of the California Civil Code Section 895 et seq., the Common Area Committee shall proceed on
behalf of the Association. The powers and/or scope of authority of the Common Area Committee
may be amended only by unanimous consent of all of the Directors. The Common Area Committee,
on behalf of the Association and not the individual Members, shall have the power to pursue
warranty claims or any claims or other actions using the non-adversarial proceedings for construction
defects in the Common Area pursuant to Civil Code Section 895 et seq., and any successor statutes
or laws. Any recovery by the Association with respect to any damage to or defect in the Common
Area shall be utilized solely for the purpose of paying for the costs of obtaining the recovery and for
correcting such damage or defect

(c) Committee Meetings. The Common Area Committee shall be independent of Board
influence and will not serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. The notice requirements
applicable to Directors meetings shall apply to meetings of the Common Area Committee. All
meetings shall be open to Members, including Declarant. A decision made by a majority of the
Members of the Common Area Comittee shall be binding on the Board and the Association and
cannot be reversed or otherwise changed by the Board.

11.4 Compensation of Committee Members. No committee member shall receive compensation
for any service he or she may render to the Association as a committee member. However, upon approval
by the Board, any committee member may be reimbursed for his or her expenses actually incurred in the
performance of his or her duties.

ARTICLE 12 BOOKS, RECORDS AND FUNDS

12.1 Inspection of Records. The Association shall make available Association Records and
Enhanced Association Records for inspection and copying by a Member of the Association, or the Member's
designated representative. The Association may bill the requesting Member for the direct and actual cost of
copying requested documents. The Association shall inform the Member of the amount of the copying costs
before copying the requested documents. A Member of the Association may designate another person to
inspect and copy the specified Association Records on the member's behalf. The Member shall make this
designation in writing. The Association shall make the specified Association Records available for
inspection and copying in the Association's business office within the Development.

Mystique Community Association
Inman » Thomas, LLP -27- 9-17-0713