12.2 Procedures for Inspection of Records if No Association Office Within Development. If the
Association does not have a business office within the Development, the Association shall make the specified

Association Records available for inspection and copying at a place that the requesting Member and the
Association agree upon. If the Association and the requesting Member cannot agree upon a place for
inspection and copying, or if the requesting Member submits a written request directly to the Association for
copies of specifically identified records, the Association may satisfy the requirement to make the Association
records available for inspection and copying by mailing copies of the specifically identified records to the
Member by first-class mail.

12.3 Cost of Copying. The Association may bill the requesting Member for the direct and actual
cost of copying and mailing requested documents. The Association shall inform the Member of the amount
of the copying and mailing costs, and the Member shall agree to pay those costs, before copying and sending
the requested documents. In addition to the direct and actual costs of copying and mailing, the Association
may bill the requesting member an amount not in excess of ten dollars ($10) per hour, and not to exceed two
hundred dollars ($200) total per written request, for the time actually and reasonably involved in redacting
the Enhanced Association Records. The Association shall inform the member of the estimated costs, and
the Member shall agree to pay those costs, before retrieving the requested documents. Requesting parties
shall have the option of receiving specifically identified records by electronic transmission or machine-
readable storage media as long as those records can be transmitted in a redacted format that does not allow
the records to be altered. The cost of duplication shall be limited to the direct cost of producing the copy of
arecord in that electronic format. The Association may deliver specifically identified records by electronic
transmission or machine-readable storage media as long as those records can be transmitted in a redacted
format that prevents the records from being altered.

12.4 Association's Right to Withhold or Redact Information. The Association may withhold or
redact information from the Association Records for any of the following reasons.

 

(a) Identity Theft. The release ofthe information is reasonably likely to lead to identity
theft. For the purposes of this section, "identity theft" means the unauthorized use of another person's
personal identifying information to obtain credit, goods, services, money, or property.

b) Fraud or Misrepresentation With Respect to the Association. The release of the
information is reasonably likely to lead to fraud in connection with the Association.

 

(©) Legally Privileged Information. The information is privileged under law. Examples
include documents subject to attorney-client privilege or relating to litigation in which the
Association is or may become involved, and confidential settlement agreements.

(d) Individual Member Privacy. The release of the information is reasonably likely to
compromise the privacy of an individual member of the Association.

(e (e) Individual Member Information. The information contains any of the
following:

[6] Records of a-la-carte goods or services provided to individual Members for
which the Association received monetary consideration other than Assessments;

(ii) Records of disciplinary actions, collection activities, or payment plans of
Members other than the Member requesting the records;

Mystique Community Associntion
Inman » Thomas, LLP -28 - 9.1707 v3