(iii) ~~ Any person's personal identification information, including, without
limitation, social security number, tax identification number, driver's license number, credit
card account numbers, bank account number, and bank routing number;

(iv) Agendas, minutes, and other information from executive sessions of the
Board of Directors;

w) Personnel records other than the payroll records;

(vi) Interior architectural plans, including security features, for individual
Residences.

® Compensation. Except as provided by the attorney-client privilege, the Association
may not withhold or redact information concerning the compensation paid to employees, vendors,
or contractors. Compensation information for individual employees shall be set forth by job
classification or title, not by the employee's name, social security number, or other personal
information.

(8) Basis for Redaction. If requested by the requesting Member, the Association shall,
upon denying or redacting Association Records, provide a written explanation specifying the legal
basis for withholding or redacting the requested records.

12.5 Use of Association Records.

(a) Use of Association Records, Generally. The Association Records, and any
information from them, may not be sold, used for a commercial purpose, or used for any other
purpose not reasonably related to a Member's interest as a Member. The Association may bring an
action against any person who violates this section for injunctive relief and for actual damages to
the Association caused by the violation. This section may not be construed to limit the right of an
Association to damages for misuse of information obtained from the Association records pursuant
to this section or to limit the right of the Association to injunctive relief to stop the misuse of this
information: The Association shall be entitled to recover reasonable costs and expenses, including
reasonable attorney's fees, in a successful action to enforce its rights under this section.

(b) Special Requirements for Membership Lists. An Association Records request by
a Member for the Association's Membership lists, including name, property address, and mailing
address shall be accompanied by a written statement by the Member describing the purpose for
which the list is requested, which purpose shall be reasonably related to the requester's interest as
a Member. If the Association reasonably believes that the information in the list will be used for
another purpose, it may deny the Member access to the list.

12.6 Action for Inspection or Copying. A Member may bring an action to enforce the Member's
right to inspect and copy the Association Records. If a court finds that the Association unreasonably withheld
access to the Association Records, the court shall award the Member reasonable costs and expenses,
including reasonable attorney's fees, and may assess a civil penalty of up to five hundred dollars ($500) for
the denial of each separate written request. A cause of action under this section may be brought in small
claims court if the amount of the demand does not exceed the jurisdiction of that court. A prevailing
Association may recover any costs if the court finds the action to be frivolous, unreasonable, or without
foundation.

Mystique Community Association
Inman » Thomas, LLP -29- 9-17-07 v3