12.7 Time Period for Retention and Producing Records.

 

(a) Association Records Retention Requirements. The Association Records shall be
made available for the current fiscal year and for each of the previous two fiscal years. Minutes of
Member and Board meetings shall be permanently made available. If a committee has decision
making authority, minutes of the meetings of that committee shall be permanently made available.

b) Production of Requested Records. AssociationRecords prepared during the current
fiscal year, shall be produced within ten (10) business days following the Association's receipt of
the request. Association Records prepared during the previous two (2) fiscal years, within thirty (30)
calendar days following the Association's receipt of the request. Any record or statement available
pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1365 or 1368, shall be produced within the time-frame
specified therein. Minutes of Member and Board meetings, shall be produced within the time-frame
specified in California Civil Code Section 1363.05(d). Minutes of meetings of committees with
decision-making authority shall be produced within fifteen (15) calendar days following approval.
The Membership list shall be produced within the time-frame specified in Section 8330 of the
Corporations Code.

12.8 Liability for Identity Theft. The Association, its Officers, Directors, employees, agents or
volunteers of an Association shall not be liable for damages to a Member of the Association or any third
party as the result of identity theft or other breach of privacy because of the failure to withhold or redact that
Member's information under this Article 12, unless the failure to withhold or redact the information was
intentional, willful, or negligent. Any person submitting a reimbursement request shall be solely responsible
for removing all personal identification information from the request.

12.9 Checks, Drafts, and Evidences of Indebtedness. All checks, drafts, or other orders for
payment of money and all notes or other evidences of indebtedness, issued in the name of the Association
shall be signed by (i) any two Directors, (ii) any two officers of the Association, (iii) any officer of the
Association and any Director, or (iv) in any other manner specified by the Board of Directors; provided,
however, that the signatures of at least two persons who shall be members of the Board of Directors or
one member of the Board of Directors and one officer who is not a member of the Board of Directors shall
be required for the withdrawal of funds from the Association's reserve account.

 

12.10 Funds and Deposits. Any funds of the Association shall be deposited to the credit of the
Association in such banks or other depositories as the Board of Directors shall, from time to time, determine.

12.11 Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Association shall run from January 1 through
December 31 of each year unless otherwise determined by resolution of the Board of Directors.

12.12 Delivery of Documents to Members.

(a) Document Distribution. All notices and documents distributed by the Association
to Members shall be delivered by one or more of the following methods:

@) Personal delivery.
(if) First-class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to a member at the address last

shown on the books of the Association or otherwise provided by the member. Delivery is
deemed to be complete on deposit into the United States mail.

Mystique Community Association
fnman » Thomas, LLP -30- 9:17:07 v3