(ii) E-mail, facsimile, or other electronic means, if the Member has agreed to
that method of delivery. If a document is delivered by electronic means, delivery is complete
at the time of transmission.

(iv) By publication in a periodical that is circulated primarily to Members of the
Association.

w) If the Association broadcasts television programming for the purpose of
distributing information on Association business to its members, by inclusion in the
programming.

(vi) A method of delivery provided in a Recorded provision of the Governing
Documents.

(vii) Any other method of delivery, provided that the Member has agreed to that
method of delivery.

 

(b) Delivery With Other Association Materials. A document may be included in or
delivered with a billing statement, newsletter, or other document that is delivered by one of the
methods provided in Section 12.12(a).

©) Delivery Procedures in Unrecorded Governing Documents. For the purposes of this
Section 12.12, an unrecorded provision of the Governing Documents providing for a particular
method of delivery does not constitute agreement by a Member to that method of delivery.

 

ARTICLE 13 AMENDMENTS

13.1 Amendment Before Close of First Sale. Before the close of the first sale in the Development
to a purchaser other than Declarant, these Bylaws and any amendments to them may be amended in any
respect or revoked by the execution by the Board instrument amending or revoking the Bylaws together with
any consents or approvals that may be required by the Department of Real Estate. The amending or revoking
instrument shall make appropriate reference to these Bylaws and their amendments.

13.2 Amendment After Close of First Sale. After the close of the first sale of a Unit within the
Development to a purchaser other than Declarant, these Bylaws may be amended or revoked in any respect
by the vote or assent by written ballot of an Absolute Majority, including the holders of not less than a
majority of the Total Voting Power of each class of Members. If a two-class voting structure is no longer
in effect in the Association because of the conversion of Class B membership to Class A membership, as
provided in the Declaration, any amendment hereof will require the vote or assent by written ballot of both:
(i) an Absolute Majority of the Association; and (ii) the vote of a majority of the Total Voting Power held
by Members other than Declarant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the percentage of the Total Voting Power
necessary to amend a specific clause or provision of these Bylaws shall not be less than the percentage of
affirmative votes prescribed for action to be taken under that clause.

13.3 Amendment By Board of Directors. The Board of Directors may, without the approval of
the Members, amend any part of these Bylaws to the limited extent necessary to comply with a change in
applicable federal, state or local legislation.

Mystique Community Association

Inman « Thomas, LLP -31- 917-073