EXHIBIT "B"

ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION DISCLOSURE

 

The Association supports the use of alternative dispute resolution procedures
and follows the dispute resolution procedures described in California Civil
Code Section 1369.510 et seq. Failure of a member of the Association to
comply with the alternative dispute resolution requirements of Section
1369.520 of the Civil Code may result in the loss of your right to sue the
Association or another Member of the Association regarding enforcement of
the Governing Documents or the applicable law.

THE ASSOCIATION'S DISPUTE RESOLUTION PROCEDURES

The Association's dispute resolution procedure for disputes between the Association and a Member
involving the Davis-Stirling Common Interest Development Act (California Civil Code Section 1350 et
seq.), the Nonprofit Mutual Benefit Corporation Law (California Corporation Code Section 7110 et seq.),
or under the Governing Documents is as follows:

1. Either party to a applicable dispute may invoke the following procedure:

(®)

The party may request the other party to meet and confer in an effort to resolve the
dispute. The request shall be in writing.

(b) A member of an association may refuse a request to meet and confer. The association
may not refuse a request to meet and confer.

©) The Association's Board of Directors shall designate a member of the Board to meet and
confer.

(d) The parties shall meet promptly at a mutually convenient time and place, explain their
positions to each other, and confer in good faith in an effort to resolve the dispute.

(e) A resolution of the dispute agreed to by the parties shall be memorialized in writing and
signed by the parties, including the Board designee on behalf of the Association.

2. An agreement reached under this section binds the parties and is judicially enforceable if both of

the following conditions are satisfied:

(a) The agreement is not in conflict with law or the Governing Documents.
(b) The agreement is either consistent with the authority granted by the Board of Directors to
its designee or the agreement is ratified by the Board of Directors.
3 A Member of the Association may not be charged a fee to participate in the process.