EXHIBIT "C"

NOTICE REGARDING ASSESSMENTS AND FORECLOSURE

 

NOTICE
ASSESSMENTS AND FORECLOSURE
This notice outlines some of the rights and responsibilities of owners of property in common interest
developments and the associations that manage them. Please refer to the sections of the Civil Code
indicated for further information. A portion of the information in this notice applies only to liens
recorded on or after January 1, 2003. You may wish to consult a lawyer if you dispute an assessment.

ASSESSMENTS AND FORECLOSURE

Assessments become delinquent 15 days after they are due, unless the governing documents
provide for a longer time. The failure to pay association assessments may result in the loss of an owner's
property through foreclosure. Foreclosure may occur either as a result of a court action, known as judicial
foreclosure or without court action, often referred to as nonjudicial foreclosure. For liens recorded on and
after January 1, 2006, an association may not use judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure to enforce that lien if
the amount of the delinquent assessments or dues, exclusive of any accelerated assessments, late charges,
fees, attorney's fees, interest, and costs of collection, is less than one thousand eight hundred dollars ($1,800).
For delinquent assessments or dues in excess of one thousand eight hundred dollars ($1,800) or more than
12 months delinquent, an association may use judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure subject to the conditions
set forth in Section 1367.4 of the Civil Code. When using judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure, the association
records a lien on the owner's property. The owner's property may be sold to satisfy the lien if the amounts
secured by the lien are not paid. (Sections 1366, 1367.1, and 1367.4 of the Civil Code)

In a judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure, the association may recover assessments, reasonable
costs of collection, reasonable attorney's fees, late charges, and interest. The association may not use
nonjudicial foreclosure to collect fines or penalties, except for costs to repair common areas damaged by a
member or a member's guests, if the governing documents provide for this. (Sections 1366 and 1367.1 of the
Civil Code)

The association must comply with the requirements of Section 1367.1 of the Civil Code
when collecting delinquent assessments. If the association fails to follow these requirements, it may not
record a lien on the owner's property until it has satisfied those requirements. Any additional costs that result
from satisfying the requirements are the responsibility of the association. (Section 1367.1 of the Civil Code)

Atleast 30 days prior to recording a lien on an owner's separate interest, the association must provide
the owner of record with certain documents by certified mail, including a description of its
collection and lien enforcement procedures and the method of calculating the amount. It must also provide
an itemized statement of the charges owed by the owner. An owner has a right to review the
association's records to verify the debt. (Section 1367.1 of the Civil Code)

If alien is recorded against an owner's property in error, the person who recorded the lien is required
to record a lien release within 21 days, and to provide an owner certain documents in this
regard. (Section 1367.1 of the Civil Code)

The collection practices of the association may be governed by state and federal laws regarding fair
debt collection. Penalties can be imposed for debt collection practices that violate these laws.