me ——

BYLAWS
OF
MySTIQUE COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION

ARTICLE 1 NAME AND PURPOSE

1.1 Name and Location. The name of the corporation is Mystique Community Association (the
"Association"). The principal office of the Association shall be located in Sacramento County, California
or at such other place reasonably convenient to the Development as the Board of Directors may from time
to time establish.

1.2 Corporate Status. The Association has been formed pursuant to the California Nonprofit
Mutual Benefit Corporation Law (California Corporation Code, Section 71 10 et seq.) as a nonprofit mutual
benefit corporation, and is an "Association" as defined by California Civil Code Section 1351(a).

13 Specific Purpose. The specific and primary purpose of this Association shall be to maintain
and enhance the property values of all of the property within the Mystique condominium project located in
the City of Sacramento, Sacramento County, California. The Association shall own, repair, maintain and
manage the Common Area within the Mystique condominium project, enforce the terms and conditions of
the Declaration, the Rules adopted by the Board of Directors, from time to time, and to otherwise enhance
and promote the use and enjoyment of the Common Areas by the Owners in common.

ARTICLE 2 DEFINITIONS

2.1 Definitions and Incorporation by Reference. When the words and phrases described in this
Article are used in the Bylaws, they will have the meanings set forth in this Article. The singular shall
include the plural and the plural the singular unless the context requires the contrary, and the masculine,
feminine, and neuter shall each include the masculine, feminine, or neuter, as the context requires. The use
of the term "may" in these Bylaws indicates discretion or choice, and the use of the term "shall" in these
Bylaws mean imperative, mandatory or imposing an absolute duty. The terms defined in the Declaration
shall have the same meaning when used herein unless the context clearly indicates a contrary intention.

22 Absolute Majority. "Absolute Majority" shall mean a majority of the Total Voting Power
of the Association.

2.3 Association Records. "Association Records” shall mean any financial document required
to be provided to a Member pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1365 or 1368, as well as interim
unaudited financial statements such as balance sheet, income and expense statement, budget comparison,
general ledger and check registers. Association Records also include Association executed contracts not
otherwise privileged under law, written Board approval of vendor or contractor proposals or invoices, state
and federal tax returns, reserve account balances and records of payments made from reserve accounts,
agendas and minutes of meetings of the Members, the Board of Directors and any committees appointed by
the Board of Directors; excluding, however, agendas, minutes, and other information from executive sessions
of the board of directors as described in California Civil Code Section 1363.05. Association Records include
Membership lists, including name, property address, and mailing address.

Mystique Community Association
Taman » Thomos, LLP -1- 9.17-07v3