2.4 Declaration. "Declaration" means the Restated Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and
Restrictions for Mystique Condominiums, Recorded in the Official Records of Sacramento County,
California, as such Declaration may from time to time be amended.

2.5 Enhanced Association Records. "Enhanced Association Records" means invoices, receipts
and canceled checks for payments made by the Association, purchase orders approved by the Association,
credit card statements for credit cards issued in the name of the Association, statements for services rendered,
and reimbursement requests submitted to the Association.

 

2.6 Member. "Member" shall mean an Owner of a Unit within the Development, and refers to
membership in the Association.

2.7 Member in Good Standing. "Member in Good Standing" shall mean a Member of the
Association who is current in the payment of all Assessments, fines, penalties, and other charges imposed
in accordance with the Governing Documents, and who is in compliance with all of the provisions of the
Governing Documents, as may be more particularly set forth in the Bylaws.

2.8 Proxy. "Proxy" shall mean a written authorization signed by a Member or the authorized
representative of the Member that gives another Member or Members the power to vote on behalf of that
Member.

2.9 Reserve Accounts. "Reserve Accounts" as used in Section 9.6, shall mean monies that the
Board has identified in its annual budget for use to defray the future costs of repair or replacement of, or
additions to, those major components which the Association is obligated to maintain, restore, repair or
replace.

2.10 Signed. "Signed" shall mean the placing of the Member’s name(s) on the proxy (whether
by manual signature, typewriting, telegraphic transmission, or otherwise) by the Member or authorized
representative of the Member.)

2.11 Simple Majority. "Simple Majority" shall mean a majority of the votes of the Members (i)
represented and voting at a meeting at which a quorum is present, or (ii) cast by written ballot (in conformity
with California Corporations Code Section 7513) in which the number of ballots received equals or exceeds
the number required to establish a quorum.

2.12 Total Voting Power. "Total Voting Power" shall mean the total number of votes of all
Members entitled to vote at a particular time, excluding any Units as to which an Owner is not then a
Member in Good Standing.

ARTICLE 3 MEMBERSHIP AND VOTING

3.1 Members and Term of Membership. Membership in the Association shall include, and shall
be limited to, all Owners of any Unit located within the Development. Membership shall be appurtenant to
and may not be separated from ownership of a Unit. Upon becoming the Owner of a Unit, each Owner shall
automatically be a Member of the Association and shall remain a Member until such time as his or her Unit

- ownership ceases for any reason. Membership in the Association shall not be transferred, encumbered,
pledged, alienated, or hypothecated in any way, exceptupon the transfer or encumbrance of the Unit to which
it is appurtenant and then only to the transferee or mortgagee, as the case may be, of such Unit. Any attempt
to make a prohibited transfer is void. Upon any transfer of title to a Unit including a transfer upon the death
of an Owner, Membership in the Association shall pass automatically to the transferee.

Mystique Community Association
Inman » Thomas, LLP -2- 917-07 v3