32 Classes of Membership. The Association shall have the following classes of membership:

(a) Class A Members. Each Owner, with the exception of Declarant, shall be a Class A
Member of the Association. If a Unit is owned by more than one (1) person, there shall be only one
(1) vote with respect to such Unit. Declarant shall become a Class A Member upon the occurrence
of the events specified in Section 3.3(c), below.

(b) Class B Members. The Class B Member shall be Declarant until the occurrence of
the events specified in Section 3.3(c), below.

33 Voting Rights of Classes of Members.

(a) Members Entitled to Vote. Only Members of the Association shall be entitled to
vote. The voting privileges of each class of Members shall be as provided herein. The tenants or
lessees of any Unit within the Development shall have no voting or membership rights in the
Association.

(b) Class A Members. Class A Members shall have one (1) vote for each Unit that the
Member owns. A Class A Member who has sold his or her property to a contract purchaser under
an agreement to purchase shall delegate to such contract purchaser, by proxy, his or her membership
rights in the Association. However, the contract seller shall remain liable for any default in the
payment of Assessments by the contract purchaser until title to the property sold shall be transferred
to the purchaser.

(c) Class B Members. The Class B Member shall be entitled to three (3) votes for each
Unit owned by Declarant. The Class B membership shall cease and be converted to Class A
membership on the first to occur of the following events:

(i) The second (2nd) anniversary of the first conveyance of a Unit in the most
recent Phase of the Development by Declarant.

(ii) The fourth (4th) anniversary of the first conveyance of a Unit in Phase 1 by
Declarant.

(d) Consent of Membership Classes. As long as there are Class A and Class B
memberships within the Association, no action by the Association that must have the prior approval
of the Members shall be deemed approved by the Members unless approved by the appropriate
percentage of both classes of Members. With the exception of an action by the Owners to enforce
bonded obligations pursuant to Section 3.8 of the Declaration, whenever any provision of these
Bylaws or any other Governing Document of the Association requires the approval of a prescribed
majority of the voting power of the Members "other than Declarant", the intent of the quoted phrase
is that the action be approved by the vote or written assent of a bare majority of the Class B voting
power as well as the vote or written assent of the prescribed majority of the total voting power of
Members other than Declarant. After all the Class B memberships have been converted into Class A
memberships, any such provisions shall be deemed to require the vote or written assent of a bare
majority of the total voting power of the Association as well as the vote or written assent of the
prescribed majority of the total voting power of Members other than Declarant.

Mystique Community Association
Inman » Thomas, LLP -3- 9-17-07 v3