2.9 Transfer or Dedication of Common Area to Public Agency or Utility. The Board of

Directors shal have the power to dedicate or transfer all or any part of the Common Area to a public agency,
authority or utility or other person or entity for such purposes and subject to such conditions as may be
agreed to by the Board, and upon the approval of at least a majority of each class of Members.

2,10 Borrow Money. The Board of Directors shall have the power to borrow money in the name
of the Association.

2.11 Mortgage of Association Property. The Board of Directors shall have the power and
authority to mortgage, pledge, encumber, or otherwise hypothecate the real and personal property of the
Association for money borrowed or debts incurred by the Association.

2.12 Mergers and Consolidations, The Association may (i) participate in mergers and
consolidations with other nonprofit corporations organized for the same purposes as the Association, or
(1) annex additional property to the Development, in accordance with Section 13.2, below.

2.13 Dissolution. So long as there is any lot, parcel or area for which the Association is obligated
to provide management, maintenance, preservation or control, the consent of ail Members must be obtained
for the Association to (i) transfer all or substantially all of its assets, or (ii) file a certificate of dissolution.

2.14 Contract with City for Utilities. Unless otherwise established by the City, the Association
shall be responsible for obtaining and paying for all water, sewer and drainage facilities services for each
Unit and for the Common Area within the Development.

2.15 Limitation of Liability. Neither the Association or its directors, officers, employees, agents
or committee members (collectively and individually referred to as the "Released Party") shall be personally
liable for damages or in equity lo any of the Members, or to any other person, for any error or omission in
the discharge of their duties and responsibilities or for their failure to provide any service required hereunder
or pursuant to the Bylaws, even if such Released Party is negligent, provided that such Released Party has
not acted in bad faith. This standard of care and limitation of liability shall extend, without limitation, (0
matters such as (i) the establishment of the Association's annual financial budget, (ii) the funding of
Association reserve accounts, (iii) the discharge of the Association's maintenance, repair and replacement
obligations, (iv) the enforcement of the Governing Documents, and (v) to any other fiduciary duties or
responsibilities imposed by law or the Governing Documents.

 

ARTICLE 3 COMMON AREA
3.1 Ownership of Common Area.

(a) Association Common Area. Declarant shall convey fee simple title to the
Association Common Area to the Association prior to, or concurrently with, the first transfer or
conveyance by Declarant of a Unit in the Development to a purchaser.

(b) Condominium Common Area. Upon the conveyance ofthe first Unit within a Phase,
each Unit within the Phase shall have either an undivided 1/8" or 1/12" interest in the Condominium
Common Area located above the Unit. The undivided ownership interest in Condominium Common
Area appurtenant lo the Units shall not be severed or conveyed separately from the respective Units
to which they are appurtenant and each such undivided interest shall in all cases be deemed to be
conveyed or encumbered along with the respective Unit even though the description in the
instrument of conveyance or encumbrance may refer only to the Unit. Any purported severance or

Mystique
Inman » Thomas - 3 - 9-10.07 v&