completion date specified for that Improvement in the "planned construction statement” appended
to the bond. However, if the Association has given an extension in writing for the completion ofany
Common Area Improvement, the Board shall consider and vote on the action to enforce the
obligations under the bond only if a notice of completion has not been filed within thirty (30) days
after the expiration of the extension.

(b) Member's Rights to Call Meeting Regarding Enforcement of Bonds. If the Board

fails to consider and vote on the action to enforce the obligations under the bond or decides not to
initiate action to enforce the obligations under the bond, then on the petition in writing to the Board
signed by Members representing not less than five percent (5%) of the total voting power of the
Association other than Declarant, the Board shall call a special membership meeting for the purpose
of voting to override the decision of the Board not fo initiate action or to compel the Board to take
action to enforce the obligations under the bond. The meeting shall be called by the Board by fixing
a date not less than thirty-five (35) days nor more than forty-five (45) days after receipt by the Board
of said petition. Notice of the meeting shall be given to all Owners entitled to vote in the manner
provided in the Bylaws for notices of special membership meetings. At the meeting, the vote in
person or by proxy of a majority of the Owners entitled to vote (other than Declarant) in favor of
taking action to enforce the obligations under the bond shall be deemed to be the decision of the
Association and the Board shall then implement the Owners’ decision by initiating and pursuing
appropriate action in the name of the Association.

ARTICLE 4 USE RESTRICTIONS

4.1 Residential Use. Except as specifically provided in Section 4.3, no Unit, or any portion
thereof, shall be occupied or used for other than residential purposes.

4.2 Restriction on Businesses. No business of any kind shall be established, maintained,
operated, permitted, or conducted within the Development except:

(a) Professional and Administrative. Those professional and administrative occupations
as may be permitted by, and which are conducted in conformance with, all applicable governmental
ordinances provided that there is no external evidence thereof, and further provided that the Board
may, in its complete discretion, prohibit the conduct of any such activities which the Board
determines to be incompatible with the nature and character of the Development or which, in the
Board's opinion, may or does otherwise negatively impact the quality of life and property values
within the Development.

(b) Permitted by Law. Those other businesses which by law must be permitted to be
conducted within the Development.

4.3 Offensive Conduct. Nuisances, Noise. No noxious, harmful or offensive activities shall be
conducted upon or within any part of the Development, nor shail anything be done thereon which may be
or become a nuisance, or cause unreasonable embarrassment, disturbance, or annoyance to any Residents
of the Development, or which shall in any way interfere with their use of the Common Arce and Facilities
thereon or the use and enjoyment of their Units. Without limiting any of the foregoing, no Resident shall
permit noise, including without limitation the barking of dogs or excessively loud music, to ¢manate from
the Resident's Unit or the Unit's Exclusive Use Common Area, vehicles, or the vehicles of guests and
invitees, which would unreasonably disturb another Resident's enjoyment of his or her Unit or of the
Common Area. Pursuant to Declarant's development rights as described in Article 14, below, Residents may
be exposed to construction noise, dust, roadway reconfiguration and increased vehicular and pedestrian

 

Mystique

Taman » Thomas . -11- 9-10-07 vA