traffic within the property described as the Overall Development, and other activities resulting from the
construction and use of the Overall Development, and the Association and each Owner, by accepting the deed
to a Unit, acknowledges, accepts and assumes the risk of such noise, traffic and activities.

44 Use of the Common Area. All use of the Common Area is subject to the Governing
Documents. No alterations or additions to the Common Area shall be made except as authorized by the
Board pursuant to Section 2.4, Nothing shall be placed, kept, stored, or parked on the Common Area without
the prior written consent of the Board, except by the Association. Without limiting the foregoing, no Owner
shall place rubbish, debris, or other unsightly or unsanitary materials on the Common Area. Each Owner
shall avoid causing damage to the Common Area.

4.5 Sports Apparatus. Except for sports apparatus installed and maintained by the Association,
no sports apparatus, whether portable or fixed, including without limitation basketball standards shall be
permitted within the Development. As used in this section, the term "sports apparatus” does not include
bicycles, roller skates, roller blades or any other similar unpowered wheeled equipment, provided that the
Board of Directors shall have the discretion to adopt Rules governing the use of such unpowered wheeled
equipment. :

4.6 Window Coverings. Drapes, window shades, or shutters shall be installed in the windows
of all Units and garages and shall comply with any Rules adopted by the Board of Directors. In no event
shall windows be painted, nor shall aluminum foil, newspaper, bed sheets, cardboard or similar materials be
placed in windows. All window coverings shall be maintained in good repair and condition at all times.

4.7 Sound Transmissions. No Unit shall be altered in any manner which would result in an
increase in sound transmission, resonance or reverberations to any other Unit. Only softcover floors may
be instailed on the lower levels of Units, except for replacement of any hard coverings in kitchen, bath or
other areas where such hard coverings were originally installed by Declarant.

4.8 Signs. To the extent permitted by law, the Board may adopt limitations on signs including,
without limitation, restrictions on the size of the signs, the duration of their posting, and their location.

4.9 Antennas. No outside television antenna, aerial, satellite dish or similar device for the
transmission or reception of television, radio, satellite, or other signals of any kind, are permitted within the
Development, except as provided in this section. If a central antenna system is installed by the Declarant or
the Association which provides electronic signal reception {o individual Units in a manner which complies
with Code of Federal Regulations requirements (C.F.R. 1.4000), individual Owners and Residents shall be
prohibited from installing or maintaining an antenna, aerial, satellite or similar device within the
Development. If no central antenna system is installed, antennas or satellite dishes with 2 diameter or
diagonal measurement not greater than one meter which are designed to receive direct broadcast satellite
services, video programming services via multi-point distribution services, or television broadcast signals
(collectively "Permitted Dishes”) may be erected, placed or installed within a Unit or the Unit's Exclusive
Use Common Area, subject to the following restrictions, provided that the application of these testrictions
do not unreasonably delay installation or expense, or preclude reception of an acceptable quality signal:

(a) Nol Visible From Streets. All Permitted Dishes shall be placed in locations which
are not visible from the streets within the Development,

(b) Preferred Placement List. All Permitted Dishes shall be installed al locations in
accordance with a prioritized list of placement preferences, if such a list is adopted by the Board of’
Directors.

Mystique
Taran + Thame -12- 4.1007 v6