Mystique

(2 Decision of Board Conclusive. Subject to Section4.15(f), the decision of the Board
of Directors in approving or disapproving and application of an Owner to lease his or her Unit shall
be final and conclusive.

(h) List of Rented Units, The Board of Directors shall prepare a list of al Owners
currently leasing or renting a Unit, which list shall include the Owner's name, mailing address, Unit
address, date of record ownership, and term of the lease. Such list shall be made available to any
Owmer upon payment of a reasonable administrative charge to be set by the Board of Directors.

 

® Priority of Applicants. The Board shall establish and maintain a priority list,
identifying the name, mailing address, address of Unit, record date of ownership, and date the written
application or request of each Owner to lease or rent his or her Unit was submitted to the Board.
When the number of Units leased or rented in the Development is less than the number allowed
under Section 4.15(a), the Board shall authorize the Owner who submitted the earliest application
to lease or rent his or her Unit. One an Owner obtains permission to lease or rent, he or she may do
so to consecutive lessees or renters of for consecutive terms without interruption of more than sixty
(60) days or may reoccupy his or her Unit for a period not to exceed sixty (60) days, without having
to reapply to the Board for permission to lese or rent.

G) Owner Responsibility. Each Owner leasing a Unit shall be strictly responsible and
liable to the Association for the actions of such Owner's tenant(s) in or about all Units and Common
Area and for each tenant's compliance with the provisions ofall Governing Documents. An Owner
leasing or renting a Unit shall provide the tenant(s) with copies ofthe Governing Documents and all
subsequent amendments.

x) Association's Right to Take Legal Action. In the event a tenant's conduct involves

damage or misuse of any Common Area or facilities on any Common Area or constitutes an
unreasonable nuisance to Residents, the Association shall be entitled to maintain an eviction action
against such tenant to the same extent as the Owner of the Unit, the Association being deemed to be
a third party beneficiary of any lease or rental agreement involving any Unit within the
Development. The Association’s right to maintain an eviction action shall rise only in the event that
(1) the Association has given notice to the Owner detailing the nature of the infraction and the Owner
has had a reasonable opportunity to take corrective action or to appear before the Board to present
arguments as to why eviction by the Association is not necessary, and (ii) the Owner has not taken
action to prevent and/or correct the actions of the tenant giving rise to the damage or nuisance.

(H Owner's Indemnity Obligation. Every Owner of a Unit that is occupied by persons
other than the Owner pursuant to a lease or otherwise, agrees to and shall indemnify and defend the
Association, its officers, directors, and agents and shall bold them harmless from any cost, loss,
claim, or damages of any kind, including but not limited to attorneys fees arising out of the conduct
or presence of the occupants of the Unit upon the Development, including any such arising or
alleged to have arisen out of the enforcement or nonenforcement by the Association of the
Goveming Documents against such occupants. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, all
costs, including attomeys’ fees incurred by the Association to enforce the Governing Documents
against such occupants, shall be reimbursed to the Association by the Owner and may be assessed
by the Association as a Reimbursement Assessment.

(m) Requirements of Written Rental Agreement. Any rental of any Unit shall be only
by written rental agreement which shall expressly provide (i) that it is subject to all of the provisions

Tnmun + Thomas -17- 5-10-07 v6