of the Governing Documents, (ii) that the tenants of such Unit shal] comply with all provisions of
the Governing Documents, and (iii) thatany violation of any provisions of the Governing Documents
shall constitute a breach and default of the terms of such rental agreement, The rental agreement
shall not attempt to, nor shall any such agreement be effective to, transfer membership in the
Association to the lessee. Any lease or rental agreement entered into between an Owner and a lessee
or renter shall be for a minimum term of six (6) months. An Owner renting a Unit shall provide the
Association with proof ofa current criminal background check and proofofa credit report for each
prospective tenant

(n) Requirement of Inclusive Rental Agreement. No Owner may rent or hire any garage,

accessory building, or similar improvement to anyone who does not have the right of possession of
the entirety of the Unit,

4.16 Use of Porch/Patio. No laundry shall be hung or stored within a porch or patio area. The
Board may also establish Rules regarding the placement of personal property within a porch or patio arca.

4.17 Activities Affecting Insurance. Nothing shall be dane or kept within the Development which
will increase the rate of insurance maintained by the Association without the prior written consent of the
Association. No Owner shall permit anything to be done or kept within the Development which would result
in cancellation of any insurance policy maintained by the Assaciation or any other Owner.

4.18 Alterations to Units. No Unit shall be altered in any manner which would result in an
increase in sound transmission, resonance or reverberations to any other Unit. Only soft-cover floors may
be installed on the lower levels of Units, except for replacement of any hard coverings in kitchen, bath or
other areas where such hard coverings were originally installed by Declarant.

4.19 No Partition. Except as permitted by Civil Code Section 1359, there shall be no judicial
partition of the Development or any part thereof, nor shall any Owner or any person acquiring any interest
in the Development or any part thereof seek any judicial partition thereof. Notwithstanding the preceding,
if any Condominium is owned by two or more co-tenants as tenants in common or as joint tenants, this
section shall not be deemed to prevent a judicial partition by sale as between such co-tenants.

4.20 Variances. The Board shall be authorized to grant reasonable variances from the provisions
of Article 4 of this Declaration upon written application from any Owner provided that the Board detcrmines,
in its sole discretion, that the specific application of the restriction to such Owner will (i) cause substantial
undue hardship to the Owner, or (ii) fail to further or accomplish the common plan for the Development as
contemplated by this Declaration. The Board shall have the power to limit any variance granted in Scope or
duration or otherwise impose such specific requirements as the Board may, in its complete discretion, see
fit to require. The Board shall follow the following procedures in acting on any request for a variance:

(a) Initial Board Determination. The Board, in its sole discretion, shall make an initial
determination whether or not the variance on its face meets the requirements set forth in this section.
If the Board determines that it does not, the variance request shall be denied and the Board shall so
notify the applicant within thirty days of the Board's decision. 1f the Board determines that the
variance does, the procedures set forth in the remainder of this section shall be followed.

(b) Board Hearings. The Board shall conduct a hearing on the variance within forty-five
days of the receipt of the written request for a variance. Notice shall be given to all Members not
less than fifteen days prior to the date of the hearing. Members may submit comments in writing
prior to the hearing and/or appear at the hearing. The Board shall establish a reasonable time limit

 

Mystique

Inman + Thomas -18- 9-10-07 v4