for Member comments during the hearing. No decision regarding the request for variance shall be
made until the conclusion of the hearing.

©) Board Decision. After the conclusion of the hearing, the Board shall, in its sole
discretion, either grant or deny the request for variance in accordance with the standards set forth
in this section. As more fully discussed above, if the Board grants the variance request, the Board
may impose such conditions as the Board deems appropriate and shall so notify the applicant within
thirty (30) days of the Board's decision.

ARTICLE § PROPERTY DISCLOSURES

5.1 Approval by Board. Prior to undertaking any proposed modifications to a Unit or Exclusive
Use Common Area which are visible from the exterior of the Unit, including, but not limited to the placement
of awnings or other Improvements, the Owner must submit to the Board in writing such proposed
modifications to the Board, which may, in its sole discretion, approve or disapprove such proposed
modifications.

5.2 Exterior Lightingand Fixtures. All exterior lights shall be adequately and properly shielded
from other Units and the Common Area, such that direct rays from the light source are directed downward
and to have no off-site glare, All exterior lighting fixtures shall be vandal resistant. downward and do not
cross property lines.

5.3 AirportInfluence Area. Pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1353, the following notice
identifies the Development as an "airport influence area”. For purposes of this section, an "airport influence
area," also known as an "airport referral area," is the area in which current or. future airport-related noise,
overflight, safety, or airspace protection factors may significantly affect land uses or necessitate restrictions
on those uses as determined by an airport land use commission. Pursuant to California Civil Code
Section 1353(a)(3), property located within in an airport influence area does not constitute a title defect, lien,
or encumbrance. The required notice is as follows:

NOTICE OF AIRPORT IN VICINITY

This property is presently located in the vicinity of an airport, within what is known as an airport
influence area. For that reason, the property may be subject to some of the annoyances or
inconveniences associated with proximity to airport operations (for example: noise, vibration, or
odors). Individual sensitivities to those annoyances can vary from person to person. You may wish
to consider what airport annoyances, if any, are associated with the property before you complete
your purchase and determine whether they are acceptable to you.

ARTICLE 6 ASSESSMENTS AND LIENS
6.1 Covenant of Owner.
(a) Qvwmer's_ Assessment Obligation. Each Owner of a Condominium within the

 

Development, by acceptance of a deed or other conveyance thereof, whether or not it shall be so
expressed in such deed or conveyance, shall be deemed to have covenanted and agreed to pay to the
Association: (i) Regular Assessments, (ii) Special Assessments, (iii) Reimbursement Assessments,
and (iv) Enforcement Assessments levied by the Association as hereinafier provided, together with
all Additional Charges. Such deed or conveyance shall be deemed to vest in the Association the

Mystique

Taman + Thomas -19- 240.07 vi