right and power to initiate all actions and procedures as the Board shall deem necessary or
appropriate for the collection of such Assessments and Additional Charges and for the enforcement
of the liens as hereinafter provided.

(b) Owner's Personal Obligation. Each Assessment levied by the Association under this
article, together with all Additional Charges, shall be a separate, distinct, and personal debt and
obligation of the Owner against whom it is assessed, and shall bind his or her heirs, devisees,
personal representatives, successors, and assigns. Such obligation to pay Assessments and
Additional Charges and the right and power of the Association to initiate all actions and procedures
for collection shall run with the land, so that each successive Owner or Owners of Record of any
Condominium shall, in turn, become liable to pay all such Assessments and Additional Charges
assessed during the time he or she is Record Owner of such Condominium, Afteran Owner transfers
of Record any Condominium he ot she owns, he or she shall not be liable for any Assessments levied
thereafter with respect to such Condominium. Such Owner shall remain personally liable, however,
for all unpaid amounts due and owing at the time of transfer, together with Additional Charges
accruing untif time of collection, A Contract Seller of any Condominium shall continue to be liable
for all Assessments and Additional Charges until a conveyance by deed of such Condominium is
Recorded.

6.2 Creation of Lien. Each Assessment levied by the Association pursuant to this Declaration,
logether with all Additional Charges, shall be a charge upon the land and upon levy shall be secured by a lien
upon the property against which such Assessment is levied, from and after the time that a Notice of
Delinquent Assessments is Recorded against the Unit. The lien provided for herein shall continue to secure
all Assessments and Additional Charges levied upon any Condominium notwithstanding the transfer of
Record title to such Condominium, and any such transfer shall be subject to the Association's lien, provided
that, prior to such transfer, a Notice of Delinquent Assessment has been Recorded as provided in this
Declaration and by law, The priority of all such liens on each Condominium shall be in inverse order so that
upon the foreclosure of the lien for any particular charge on any Condominium, any sale of such
Condominium pursuant to foreclosure of the lien will be made subject to all liens securing the respective
monthly Assessments and Additional Charges on such Condominium for succeeding months.

6.3 Purpose of Assessments. The Assessments levied by the Board shall be used exclusively
for (i) managing and operating the Development, (ii) conducting the business and affairs of the Association,
(iii) maintaining and enhancing the property values of the Owners and Residents of the Development,
(iv) improving and maintaining the Common Area and, to the extent provided for in the Governing
Documents or by law, the Condominiums situated within the Development, (v) enforcing the Governing
Documents, and/or (vi) otherwise benefitting the Owners.

6.4 Authority of the Board. The Board shall have the power and the duty to levy Regular
Assessments and Special Assessments sufficient to meet the Association's obligations under the Governing

Documents and applicable law.

6.5 Regular Assessment.

(a) Calculation of Estimated Requirement. Not less than thirty (30) days nor more than
ninety (90) days prior to the beginning of each fiscal year, the Board shall complete and distribute
to all Owners an estimate of the net funds required by the Association for such fiscal year (including
a reasonable amount allocated to contingencies and to a reserve fund for restoration, repair, and/or
replacement of those components for which the Association is responsible and which must be
repaired or replaced on a periodic basis) to manage, administer, operate, and maintain the

Mysiique
Toman » Thomas -20- 9.00.07 v6