been Recorded; occupation or use of the Unit; or completion of all Building Common Area
containing the Unit which the Association is obligated to maintain. The Assessment exemption
provided by this section shall include:

[0] Roof replacement;

(ii) Exterior maintenance;

(ili) ~~ Any commonly metered domestic water, gas or electricity; and
(iv) Insurance for the Condominium Building containing the Unit;.

th) Working Capital Fund. A working capital fund may be established for the
Development by the contribution to such fund, by the Owners and Declarant, of a sum not to exceed
the amount of three (3) months Regular Assessments for each Unit owned. Any amounts paid into
this fund should not be considered as advance payments of Regular Assessments, Except as
provided in this section, the Association shall collect each Unit's share of the working capital fund
at the time of the conveyance of the Unit by Declarant to an Owner, and such share shall be
deposited into a segregated fund. Within 60 days after the conveyance of the first Unit by Declarant,
Declarant shall pay each unsold Unit's share of the working capital fund to the Association.
Declarant shall then reimburse itself for this payment from the funds collected at closing when the
unsold Units are sold.

4.6 Special Assessments.

(a) Purpose of Special Assessments, If at any time during any fiscal year the Regular
Assessment proves inadequate for any reason, including nonpayment of any Owner's share thereof
or the unexpected repair, replacement, or reconstruction of Improvements located in the
Development, or if funds are otherwise required for any authorized activity of the Association, the
Board may levy a Special Assessment in the amount of such actual or estimated inadequacy or cost.

(b) Allocation of Special Assessments. Special Assessments shall be allocated and
assessed among the Condominiums within the Development in the same manner as Regular

Assessments.

(c) Approval of Special Assessments. Except in the case of an emergency situation as
defined in California Civil Code Section 1366, in any fiscal year the Board may not levy Special
Assessments which, in the aggregate, exceed five percent (5%) of the budgeted gross expenses of
the Association for that fiscal year, except upon the affirmative vote or written consent of a majority
of the Members voting on any such Special Assessment, provided that a quorum is established. For
purposes of the preceding sentence, a quorum shall mean more than fifty percent (50%) of the
Members of the Association, notwithstanding any lower quorum requirement which may be set forth
in the Bylaws. Any meeting or election of the Association for purposes of complying with
California Civil Code Section 1366 shall be conducted in accordance with Chapter 5 (commencing
with Section 7510) of Part 3, Division 2 of Title 1 of the Corporations Code and Section 7613 of the
Corporations Code,

6.7 Reimbursement Assessments, The Association shall levy a Reimbursement Assessment
against any Owner and his or her Condominium (i) if a failure by such Owner, or any person or pet for whom
the Owner is responsible, to comply with any provision of the Governing Documents has necessitated or

Mystique
Inman » Thomas - 22 = 250-074