Myaiique

default on any payment plan, the Association may resume its efforts to collect the delinquent
Assessments from the time prior to entering into the payment plan,

® Recordation of the Notice of Delinquent Assessment. The amount of the

Assessment, plus any Additional Charges shall be a lien on the Owner's Unit from and after the time
the Association causes to be Recorded, a Notice of Delinquent Assessment, which shall state the
amount of the Assessment and Additional Charges imposed, a legal description of the Unit against
which the Assessment and Additional Charges are levied, 2nd the name of the Record Owner of the
Unit against which the lien is imposed. The iternized statement of the charges owed by the Owner
shall be Recorded together with the Notice of Delinquent Assessment.

i) The Notice of Delinquent Assessment shall state the name and address of
the trustee authorized by the Association to enforce the lien by sale.

(ii) The Notice of Delinquent Assessment shall be signed by the President of
the Association.

(iii) A copy of the Recorded Notice of Delinquent Assessment shall be mailed
by certified mail to every person whose name is shown as an Owner of the Unit in the
Association's records, and the notice shall be mailed no later than 10 calendar days after
Recordation.

(iv) Wathin 21 days of the payment of the sums specified in the Notice of
Delinquent Assessment, the Associotion shall Record or cause to be Recorded a lien release
or notice of rescission and provide the Owner of the Unit a copy of the lien release or notice
that the delinquent Assessment has been satisfied.

(2) Assessment Liens for Repair of Common Areas. Unless otherwise permitted by law,
a Reimbursement Assessmentimposed by the Association as ameans of reimbursing the Association

for costs incurred by the Association in the repair of damage to Common Areas and facilities for
which the Member or the Member's guests or tenants were responsible may not be characterized nor
treated as an Assessment that may become a lien against the Member's Unit enforceable by the sale
of the interest pursuant to Section 6.13, below.

(h) Enforcement Assessments and Penalties. An Enforcement Assessment or monetary
penalty imposed by the Association as a disciplinary measure for failure of a Member to comply with
the Governing Documents, except for late payments of Assessments, may not be characterized nor
treated as an Assessment that may become a lien against the Member's Unit enforceable by the sale
of the interest pursuant to Section 6.13, below.

 

i) Assignment of the Association's Lien Right. The Association may not voluntarily
assign or pledge the Association's right to collect payments or Assessments, or to enforce or
foreclose a lien to a third party, except when the assignment or pledge is made to a financial
institution or lender chartered or licensed under Federal or State law, when acting within the scope
of that charter or license, as security for a loan obtained by the Association; however. the &regoing
provision may not restrict the right or ability of the Association to assign any unpaid obtigaticis of
a former Member to a third party for purposes of collection. After the ‘expiration of 30 days
following the Recording of a lien, the lien may be enforced in any manner permiued by law,
including sale by the court, sale by the trustee designated in the Notice of Delinquent Assessment,
or sale by a trustee, Any sale by the trustee shall be conducted in accordance with California Civi

 

Inman = Thomas -25- 915-07 vb