6.13

(it) By Recording a lien on the Owner's Unit which the Association may not
foreclose until the amount of the delinquent assessments secured by the lien, exclusive of
any accelerated assessments, and Additional Charges, equals or exceeds One Thousand
Eight Hundred Dollars ($1,800) or the Assessments secured by the lien are more than 12
months delinquent. 1f the Board of Directors elects to Record a lien under these provisions,
prior to Recording the lien, the Association shall offer the Owner and, if so requested by the
Owner, participate in dispute resolution as set forth in California Civil Code
Section 1363.810.

(ili) ~~ Any other manner provided by law, except for judicial or nonjudicial
foreclosure.

Foreclosure of Association Assessment Liens.

(a) Lien Foreclosure Conditions. Except for Assessments owed to the Association by

Declarant, if the Association seeks to collect delinquent Regular Assessments or Special
Assessments of an amount of One Thousand Eight Hundred Dollars ($1,800) or more, not including
any accelerated assessments, or Additional Charges, or any Assessments secured by the lien that are
more than 12 months delinquent, the Association may use judicial or non-judicial foreclosure subject
to the following conditions:

Myniique

Toman + Thomas

(i) Meet and Confer Program. Prior to initiating a foreclosure on an Owner's
Unit, the Association shall offer the Owner and, if so requested by the Owner, participate
in dispute resolution pursuant to the Association's "meet and confer” program. The decision
to pursue dispute resolution or a particular type of alternative dispute resolution shall be the
choice of the Owner, except that binding arbitration shall not be available if the Association
intends to initiate a judicial foreclosure.

(ii) Decision to Foreclose. The decision to initiate foreclosure of a lien for
delinquent Assessments that has been validly Recorded shall be made only by the Board of
Directors of the Association and may not be delegated to an agent of the Association, The
Board shail approve the decision by a majority vote of the Board Members in an executive
session. The Board shall record the vote in the minutes of the next meeting of the Board
open to all Members. The Board shall maintain the confidentiality of the Owner or Owners
of the Unit by identifying the matter in the minutes by the Owner's Unit number as shown
on the Condominium Plan, rather than the name of the Owner or Owners. A Board vote to
approve foreclosure of a lien shall take place at least 30 days prior to any public sale.

(iii) ~~ Notice. The Board shall provide notice by personal service in accordance
with the manner of service of summons pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure
Section 415.10 et seq., to an Owner of a Unit who is a Resident of the Unit or to the Owner's
legal representative, if the Board votes to foreclose upon the Unit. The Board shall provide
written notice to an Owner of a Unit who is not a Resident of the Unit by first-class mail,
postage prepaid, at the most current address shown on the books of the Association. In the
absence of written notification by the Owner to the Association, the address of the Unit may
be treated as the Owner's mailing address.

(iv) Right of Redemption. A nonjudicial foreclosure by the Association to
collect upon a debt for delinquent Assessments shall be subject to a right of redemption. The

_ redemption period within which the Unit may be redeemed from a foreclosure sale under

27- sag