this paragraph ends 90 days after the sale. In addition to the requirements of California
Civil Code Section 2924f, a notice of sale in connection with the Association's foreclosure
of Unit shall include a statement that the Unit is being sold subject to the right of redemption
created by California Civil Code Section 1367.4(c)(4).

(b) Declarant Exception. The limitation on foreclosure of Assessment liens for amounts
under the stated minimum in this section does not apply to Assessments owed by Declarant,

(c) Recordation of Lien in Error. Ifitis determined through dispute resolution pursuant
to the Association's "meet and confer” program or alternative dispute resolution with a neutral third
party that the Association has Recorded a lier: for a delinquent Assessment in error, the Association
shall promptly reverse all Additional Charges, costs imposed for the notice, and costs of Recordation
and release of the lien and pay all costs related to the dispute resolution or alternative dispute
resolution.

(d) Small Claims Court. The Association may appear and participate in a small claims
action through an agent, a management company representative, or bookkeeper who appears on
behalf of the Association.

6.14 Priority. Except as otherwise expressly provided by law, the lien securing each of the
Assessments provided for under this article shall have priority as of the date of Recording of the original
Declaration applicable to the Development over ail other liens and encumbrances applicable to the Units;
provided, however, that such Assessment lien shall be subordinate to the lien of any First Mortgage Recorded
against the Unit; and provided, further, that such subordination shall apply only to the Assessments which
have become due and payable prior to the sale of such property pursuant to a decree of foreclosure of any
such First Mortgage, or pursuant to a power of sale contained in any such First Mortgage. Such foreclosure
sale shall not relieve such property from liability for any Assessments and Additional Charges thereafter
becoming due, nor from the lien of any subsequent Assessment.

6.15 Association Funds. All Association accounts shall be maintained in one or more banks or
other depositories selected by the Board, which accounts shall be clearly designated as belonging to the
Association. The Assessments collected by the Association shall be properly deposited into such accounts.
The Assessments collected by the Association shall be used for the purposes set forth in Section 6.3, above.

6.16 Waiver of Exemptions. Each Owner, lo the extent permitted by law, does hereby waive, to
the extent of any liens created pursuant to this article, the benefit of any homestead or exemption laws of the
State of California in effect at the time any Assessment or installment thereofbecomes delinquent or any lien
is imposed pursuant to the terms of this article.

ARTICLE 7 MAINTENANCE OF PROPERTY

 

7.1 Association Maintenance Responsibility.

 

(a) Common Area, Generally. Except as specified in Section 7.4, the Association shall
maintain, repair and replace the Common Area and all facilities, Improvements, and landscaping
thereon, including without limitation (i) the privatestreets, (ii) the walks and paths, and (ii) ail other
real and personal property thal may be acquired or controlled by the Association, keeping such
property in good condition and repair. The Association shall be responsible for providing lighting,
landscaping, gardening, and janitorial services for the Common Area and shall cause any and ail
other acts to be done which may be necessary to assure the maintenance of the Common Area in

Mystique
inman » Thomas -28- 9.10.57 v6