good condition and repair, including painting of the exterior surfaces of the buildings and such other
portions of the Common Area as the Board, in its discretion, determines to be necessary. The Board
of Directors shall have the discretion to determine the nature, extent and level of care to be
performed by the Association in discharging its obligations under this article.

®) Non-Exclusive List of Common Area Maintenance Components. The Association's

responsibility pursuant to this section shall include, without limitation, the maintenance, repair and
replacement of the following Common Area elements:

(1) The exterior surfaces (excluding windows and doors), framing and
structural components of the buildings containing the Units.

(ii) The garage doors and garage door frames, except as provided in
Section 7.4(c).

(iii) The roof coverings, roof structures, gutters, downspouts.

(iv) The walls and fences facing the Common Area, excluding the fences
abutting Exclusive Use Common Area deck or patio area.

v) The landscaping.

(vi) The sewer, water, storm drain, electrical and other utility lines located
within the Common Area up until the point that they serve u single Unit.

(vii) The cluster mailboxes to the extent they are not maintained by another
entity.

(viii) The Association shall adopt an inspection and maintenance manual for the
periodic inspection and maintenance of the Common Area. Such maintenance inspection
may be undertaken by a qualified reserve study analyst as part of the Association statutory
reserve study requirement. The Board may, from time to time, make appropriate revisions
to any maintenance manual based on the Board's review thereof, to update such manual to
provide for maintenance according to current industry practices so long as such changes do
not reduce the useful life or functionality of the items being maintained.

 

7.2 Authority for Entry of Unit or Exclusive Use Common Area. The Association or its agents
may enter any Unit or any portion of Exclusive Use Common Area whenever such entry is necessary, in the
Board's sole discretion, in connection with the performance of any maintenance, repair, construction, or
replacement for which the Board is responsible or which it is authorized to perform, including without
limitation the authorization provided in Section 7.6. Although under no obligation to do so, the Board, in its
complete and sole discretion, may enter or may authorize the Association's agents to enter any Unit or any
portion of Exclusive Use Common Area lo effect emergency repairs where such repairs are necessary for
safety reasons or to prevent or discontinue damage to the entered Unit or Exclusive Use Common Arza, any
other Unit or the Common Area. The cost of performing any such emergency repairs shall be charged to the
Owner as a Reimbursement Assessment. Such entry shall be made with as little inconvenience lo the
Residents as practicable and only upon reasonable advance written notice of not less than 24 hours, except
in emergency situations.

Mystique
Inman = Thomas -29- 212.07 vb