(ili) ~~ Maintain proper ventilation and humidity levels (particularly in bathrooms
and kitchens) within the Unit to reduce the risk of mold;

(iv) Periodically inspect the water fixtures and refrigerator condensation pans
for the presence of mold;

(v) Replace HVAC filters semiannually or as recommended by the
manufacturer; and

(vi) Take such other prudent steps as may be appropriate to prevent mold and
eliminate any existing mold in the Common Areas.

(c) Owner's Cooperative Maintenance Obligations. In the event of any water leak or

overflow within a Unit or its Exclusive Use Common Area, the Owner of such Unit shall cooperate
with the Association and the other Condominium Building Unit Owners in the inspection and
correction of the problem. Cooperation shall include access to the Unit and Exclusive Use Common
Area to inspect and repair the problem.

7.9 Owmer Liability. In the event the need for any maintenance, repair, or replacement by the
Association is caused by the willful or negligent act or omission of an Owner, members of any Owner's
household, or an Owner's tenants, Contract Purchaser, guests, invitees, or household pets, the cost of such
maintenance, repair, or replacement, including the cost of materials, labor, supplies, and services shall be
charged to, and paid by, such Gwner in the form of a Reimbursement Assessment.

7.10 Cy operative Maintenance Obligations. To the extent necessary or desirable to accomplish
the Association's: 1aintenance and repair obligations hereunder, individual Owners shall cooperate with the
Association and ¥ 3 agents ad maintenance personnel in the prosecution of ils work.

7.11 Owner Resyonsibility for Consequential Damage. Except as provided by Article 11 of this

Declaration, an Owner is responsible for the cost of repair of those portions of the Owner's Unit which are
required to be maintained by the Owner, those portions of Comrnon Area which are to be maintained by the
Owners, and the fixturés and personal property located on the Owner's Unit and within any Exclusive Use
Common Areas, even if the cause of the damage originates from a source maintained by the Association,
unless the cause is thé gross negligence of the Association or its agents. As an example, water damage to
the interior of a Unit that is caused by a leak in the roof is the responsibility of the Owner even though the
repair of the roof is the responsibility of the Association.

ARTICLE 8 INSURANCE

8.1 Types of [nsurance Coverage. The Association shall, at the discretion of the Board of
Directors, purchase, obtain and maintain the following types of insurance, if and to the extent they are
available at a reasonable premium cost:

(a) Property Insurance. The Association shall obtain and maintain a master or blanket
policy of property insurance, written on all risk, replacement cost basis, that satisfies all of the
following conditions:

(i Property Covered. The policy shall cover the following real and personal
property:

Mystique
Toman + Thomas -32- 9-10.07 vb