(A) Common Area. All Common Area Improvements, including the
building and any additions or extensions thereto; all fixtures,
machinery and equipment permanently affixed to the building and
not located within a Unit; fences; monuments; lighting fixtures;
exterior signs; and personal property owned or maintained by the
Association; but excluding land; foundations; excavations; and
other items typically excluded from property insurance coverage;
and

(B) Units. The standard fixtures and Improvements within individual
Units as originally installed by Declarant and any equivalent
replacements thereto, including, but not limited to, interior wails
and doors; ceiling, floor and wall surface materials (e.g., paint,
wallpaper, mirrors, carpets, and hardwood floors); utility fixtures
(including gas, electrical and plumbing); cabinets; built-in
appliances; heating and air-conditioning systems; water heaters
installed as a part of the original construction of the residence and
any equivalent replacements thereto; but excluding any personal
property located in the Unit; and excluding any Improvements or
upgrades to any of the foregoing to the extent the replacement cost
of any such Improvement or upgrade made after completion of the
original construction of the Unit exceeds the replacement cost
immediately before theinstallation of the Improvement or upgrade.

 

a (ii) Covered Cause of Loss. The policy shall provide coverage against losses
caused by Ire and all other hazards normally covered by a “special form" policy or its
equivalent.

(iii) Dollar Limit. The dollar limit of the policy shall not be less than the full
replacement value of the covered property described in Section 8.1(a)(i) above, provided
that there may be lower dollar limits for specified items as is customarily provided in
property insurance policies.

(iv) Primary. The policy shall be primary and non-contributing with any other
insurance policy covering the same loss.

w) Endorsements. The policy shall contain the following endorsements or their
equivalents: agreed amount, boiler andmachinery (to the extent applicable), inflation guard,
plate glass, ordinance or law, and replacement cost, and such other endorsements as the
Board in its discretion shall elect.

(vi) Waiver of Subrogation. The policy shall waive all subrogation rights
against any Owner or occupant and their family members and invitees.

(vil) Deductible, The amount of any deductible shall be paid by the Association
and/or Owner pursuant to guidelines adopted by the Board.

(b) General Liability Insurance. To the extent such insurance is reasonably obtainable,
a policy ofcomprehensive general liability insurance naming as parties insured the Association, each

7 Mysique

Inman » Thoma -33- 9-10-07 vf