9.5 Utility Maintenance and Repair Easements. Wherever sanitary sewer connections or water

connections or electricity, gas or telephone, telecommunications, television lines or drainage facilities are
installed within the Development, which connections, lines or facilities, or any portion thereof, lie in or upon
Condominiums owned by other than the Owner of the Condominium served by said connections, the Owners
of any Condominiums served by said connections, lines or facilities shall have the right, and are hereby
granted an easement to the full extent necessary therefor, to enter such Condominiums or to have utility
companies enter therein, or any portion thereof, to repair, replace and generally maintain said connections
as and when the same may be necessary. All utility companies having easements on the property covered
by this Declaration shall have easements for cleaning, repairing, replacing, and otherwise maintaining or
causing to be maintained service in all underground utility lines, including, when reasonably necessary, the
entry into an improvement constructed upon a Condominium for uncovering any such lines. Any Owner or
utility company exercising the rights granted in this section shall be obligated to restore the Unit entered to
substantially its former condition.

9.6 Encroachment Easements. The Common Area and each Unit within the Development is
hereby declared to have an easement over all adjoining Units and the Common Area for the purpose of
accommodating any minor encroachment due to engineering errors, errors in original construction, settlement
or shifting of structures, or any other similar cause. There shall be valid easements for the maintenance of
such encroachments as long as they shall exist. Notwithstanding the preceding, in no event shall a valid
easement for encroachment be created in favor of an Owner or Owners if such encroachment occurred due
to the wilful misconduct of such Owner or Owners. In the event a structure is partially or totally destroyed,
and then repaired or rebuilt, the Owners of each Unit agree that minor encroachments over adjoining Units
win Area shail be permitted and that there shall be valid easements for the maintenance of such
encroachments so fony as they shall exist. |

 

ARTICLE 10 ENFORCEMENT

10.1 Violations as Nuisance. Every actor omission constituting or resulting in a violation of any
of the provisions of the Governing Documents shall be deemed to constitute a nuisance. In addition to any
other remedies which may be available, such nuisance may be abated or enjoined by the Association, its
officers, the Board or by any Owner. The Board shall not be obligated to take action to abate or enjoin a
particular violation if; in the exercise of its discretion, the Board determines that acting to abate or enjoin
such violation is not likely to foster or protect the interests of the Association and its Members as a whole.

10.2 Violation of Law. Any violation of a state, municipal or local law, ordinance or regulation
pertaining to the ownership, occupancy, or use of any property within the Development is hereby declared
to be a violation of this Declaration and subject to any and all of the enforcement procedures set forth herein.

10.3 Owners’ Responsibility for Conduct and Damages. Each Owner shall be fully responsible

for informing members of his or her household and his or her tenants, Contract Purchasers, contractors and
guests of the provisions of the Governing Documents, and shall be fully responsible for the conduct,
activities, any Governing Document violation of any of them, and for any damage to the Development or the
Association resulting from the negligent or intentional conduct of any of them or any household pets. Ifa
Condominium is owned jointly by two or more persons, the liability of each Owner in connection with the
obligations imposed by the Governing Documents shall be joint and several.

10.4 No Avoidance. No Owner may avoid the burdens or obligations imposed by the Governing
Documents through non-use of any Common Area facilities or by abandonment of his or her Condominium.

Mystique
Inman + Thomas -36- 9-10-07 vh