Mysiigue

10.5 Rights and Remedies of the Association.

(a) Enforcement Rights. The Association, its Directors, Officers, or agents, and any
Owner shall have the right to enforce any and all provisions of the Governing Documents by any
proceeding at law or in equity, or through the use of such other remedies as are available and deemed
appropriate by the Board. Each remedy provided is cumulative and not exclusive. The Board shall
not be obligated to take action to enforce a provision of the Governing Documents if, in the exercise
of its discretion, the Board determines that acting to enforce the provision is not likely to foster or
protect the interests of the Association and its Members as a whole

(b) Member Not In Good Standing, Upon a determination by the Board of Directors,
after prior notice to the affected Member and an opportunity for a hearing, that such Member has
violated any provision of the Governing Documents including a failure to pay any Assessment when
due, the Board shall give notice in writing to such Member that he or she is deemed not to be a
Member in Good Standing. Such Member shall be deemed to remain in that status until such time
as the Board shall determine in writing that the violation which resulted in the Board's determination
has been cured or remedied or, on some other basis as in the judgment of the Board is just and
proper, that such Member shall again be deemed to be a Member in Good Standing of the
Association. Such Member shall be so notified in writing with a copy given to the Secretary.

(c) Imposition of Sanctions. In the event of a breach or infraction of any provision of
the Governing Documents by an Owner. members of an Owner's household, or his or her tenants,
Contract Purchasers, contractors, guests, pets or invitees, the Board shall have the power to impose
sanctions against the Owner. Such sanctions may include, without limitation, the imposition of fines
and/or the suspension of an Owner's rights as a Member, including an Owner's voting rights or an
Owner's right to use the recreational or community facilities on the Common Area. Except as
provided in Section 10.7 below, imposition of sanctions shall be effective only after the Board has
held a hearing as provided in California Civil Code Section 1363. The payment of any such fine may
be enforced as an Enforcement Assessment as provided in Section 6.8 of this Declaration as well as
in any manner permitted by law. Further, each Owner shall be obligated to pay Reimbursement
Assessments levied by the Board for reimbursement of any costs incurred by the Association relating
lo violation of any provisions of the Governing Documents by such Owner, members of such
Owner's household, or his or her tenants, Contract Purchasers, contractors, guests, pets or invitees.

(d) Inadequacy of Legal Remedy. Except for the non-payment of any Assessment levied
pursuant to the provisions of Article 6 of this Declaration, it is hereby declared that a remedy at law
to recover damages for a default in the performance of any of the terms and provisions of any of the
Governing Documents or for the breach or violation of any such provisions is inadequate and that
the failure of any Owner or a member of the household of any Owner or an Owner's tenants, guests,
or household pets or any other occupant or user of any of the property within the Development to
comply with any provision ofthe Governing Documents may be enjoined in any judicial proceedings
initiated by the Association, its Officers or Board of Directors, or by any Owner or by their
respeclive successors in interest.

(e) Limitation on Disciplinary Rights. The Association shall not have the power and
authority to cause a forfeiture or abridgment of a Member's right to the full use and occupancy of
his or her Unit as the result of the failure by such Owner, members of such Owner's household, or
his or her tenants, guests, invitees or household pets to comply with any provision of the Governing
Documents, except where such forfeiture or abridgement is the result of the judgment of a court of

Inman + Thomas -37- 9-10-07 v6