(i) In the event a bid is accepted, the Board shall levy a Special Assessment
against all Owners pursuant to Section 6.6 to make up the deficiency between the total
insurance proceeds and the contract price for such repair or rebuilding. All insurance
proceeds, including any subject to liens of Mortgagees, shall be used for such rebuilding or
repair.

(ii) In the event all bids are rejected, the Board shall recommend such
alternative reconstruction of the damaged or destroyed Improvements at a lesser cost as it
deems reasonable or adequate, which alternatives shall be placed to bid and voted in the
same manner indicated above. In the event that no such alternatives are accepted by the
Members, the Board, with the approval of the Mortgagees as provided in Article 12, below,
is empowered, as the agent for all Owners, to sell the entire Development, including all
Units and the Common Area in its then present condition, on terms satisfactory to the Board.
In the event of such sale, the proceeds from the sale and the insurance proceeds received by
the Association on account of the destruction of Development shall be distributed by the
Association among Owners according to the respective fair market values of the Units at the
time of the destruction as determined by an independent appraisal.

11.2 Condemnation of Common Area. If at any time all or any portion of any Common Area, or
any interest therein, shall be taken by right of eminent domain or by private purchase in lieu of eminent
domain, the entire award in condemnation or proceeds from the private purchase, to the extent such award
or proceeds is not apportioned among the Owners by court judgment or by agreement between the
condemning authority and each of the affected Owners, shall be paid to the holder or holders of the fee title
to such area as their interests may appear according to the respective fair market values of the Units at the
time of the taking, as determined by independent appraisal. Any such award to the Association shall be
deposited into the operating fund of the Association. The Association shall represent the interests of all
Owners in any proceeding relating to such condemnation to the extent such Owners have any interest in the
Common Area.

11.3 Appraisals. Where the provisions of this article require anindependent appraisal of property,
said appraisal shall be made by a qualified real estate appraiser selected in the discretion of the Board.

ARTICLE 12 PROTECTION OF MORTGAGEES

 

12.1 Amendments Affecting Mortgages. No amendment of this Declaration shall affect any of
the rights of the holder of any Mortgage which is made in good faith and for value, if such Mortgage is
Recorded prior to the Recording of such amendment.

12.2 Default by Qwner; Mortgagee's Rishi to Vote. In the event of a default by any Owner under
a Mortgage encumbering such Owner's Condominium, the Mortgagee under such Mortgage shall, upon:
(a) giving written notice to the defaulting Owner; (b) Recording a Notice of Default in accordance with
California Civil Code Section 2924; and (c} delivering a copy of such Recorded Notice of Default to the
Association, have the right to exercise the vote of the Owner at any regular or special meeting of the
Association held only during such period as such default continues.

12.3 Breach; Obligation After Foreclosure. No breach of any provision of this Declaration by
Declarant, the Association or any Owner shall impair or invalidate the lien of any recorded Mortgage made
in good Faith and for value and encumbering any Condominium, Declarant, Owners, and the Association
and their successors and assigns, shall be obligated to abide by all of the covenants, conditions, restrictions,
limitations, reservations, grants of easements, rights, rights-of-way, liens, charges and equitable servitudes

Myniiqus
Inman » Thomas -40- 9-10-07 vt