Declaration may not alter the general common plan or scheme created by this Declaration, revisz any
restriction imposed by a governmental entity as a condition of Subdivision Map approval (without the written
consent of that entity) or revoke the covenants, conditions and restrictions imposed by this Declaration with
respect to portions of the Development already subject to this Declaration,

13.5 Commitment Concerning Reserve Contributions Relating to Rental Programs. If Units in
an annexing Phase have been used and occupied under a rental program conducted by the Declarant which
has been in effect for a period of at least one (1) year as of the date of closing of escrow for the first sale of
a Unit in the annexing Phase, Declarant shall provide a written commitment to pay to the Association,
concurrently with the close of escrow for the first sale of a Unit in the annexing Phase, appropriate amounts
for reserves for replacement or deferred maintenance of Common Area in the annexing Phase necessitated
by or arising out of such use and occupancy.

ARTICLE 14 DECLARANT'S DEVELOPMENT RIGHT

14.1  Declarant's Right to Develop the Development. The Association and Owners shall not do
anything to interfere with the right of Declarant to subdivide, sell, or rent any portion of the Development,
or the right of Declarant to complete excavation, grading, construction of Improvements or other
development activities to and on any portion of Development or to alter the foregoing and its construction
plans and designs, or to construct such additional Improvements as Declarant deems advisable in the course
of development of the Development so long as any Condominium or any portion of the Overall Development
is owned by Declarant. Such right shall include, but shall not be limited to, all grading work as may be
approved by the City or other agency having jurisdiction, and erecting, constructing and maintaining on or
within the Development such structures, signs and displays as may be reasonably necessary for the conduct
of its business of completing the work and disposing of the same by sale, lease or otherwise. Each Owner,
by accepting a deed to a Condominium, hereby acknowledges that any construction of additional dwelling
structures and the installation of retaining walls, landscaping and other Improvements by Declarant may
impair the view from such Owner's Unit, and hereby consents to such impairment.

14.2 Use of Common Area by Declarant. Declarant may enter upon the Common Area to
complete the development, improvement and sale of Condominiums and the construction of any landscaping
or other Improvement to be installed on the Common Area. Declarant shall also have the right of
nonexclusive use of the Common Area without charge, for sales, display, access, ingress, egress, exhibition
and occasional special events for promotional purposes, which right Declarant hereby reserves; provided,
however, that such use rights shall terminate on the date on which Declarant no longer owns any
Condominiums within the Development. Such use shall not unreasonably interfere with the righis of
enjoyment of the other Owners as provided herein and all direct costs and expenses associated with
Declarant's sales and promotional activities (including, without limitation, any costs or expenses required
to clean or repair any portion of the Common Area that are damaged or cluttered in connection with such
activities) shall be borne solely by Declarant and any other sponsor of the activity or event. The rights
reserved to Declarant by this section shall extend to any employes, sales agents, prospective purchasers,
customers and/or representatives of Declarant.

14.3 Amendment of Development Plans. Declarant may amend its plans for the Overall
Development and apply for changes in zoning, use and use permits, for any property within the Overail
Development.

14.4 Termination of Declarant's Rights. If Declarant conveys all of its rights, title and interest in
the Overall Development to any person or entity and the acquiring person or entity is designated as a
successor Declarant as to all the property conveyed, then Declarant shall be relieved of the performance of

Mystique

* Inman + Thomas -44 - 9-10-07 v6