any further duty or obligation hereunder, and successor Declarant shall be obligated to perform 2ll ~e:ch
duties and obligations of Declarant. This section shall not terminate any responsibility of Declarant for acts
or omissions occurring prior to the conveyance to such person or entity. However, Declarant may to enter
into a contract or agreement dealing with such acts or omissions.

14.5 Disclaimer of Declarant's Representations. Anything to the contrary in this Declaration
notwithstanding, and except as otherwise may be expressly set forth in a Recorded instrument with the
County Recorder, Declarant makes ne warranties or representations whatsoever that the plans presently
envisioned for the complete development of the Development may or will be carried out, or that any land
now controlled or owned or hereafter controlled or acquired by Declarant is or will be subjected to this
Declaration, or that any such land (whether or not it has been subjected to this Declaration) is or will be
committed to or developed for a particular (or any) use, or that if such land is once used for a particular use,
such use will continue in effect.

146 No Amendment or Repeal. So long as Declarant owns any portion of the Qverall
Development, the provisions of this article may not be amended or repealed without the consent of Declarant.

ARTICLE 15 AMENDMENT

15.1 Amendment Before First Conveyance. Before the conveyance of the first Condominium
within Phase | to a purchaser other than Declarant, and subject to the City's approval pursuant to
Section 15.2(c), this Declaration may be amended in any respect or revoked by the execution by Declarant
by an instrument amending or revoking the Declaration. The amending or revoking instrument shall make
appropriate reference to this Declaration and its amendments and shall be Recorded.

15.2 Amendment After First Conveyance. After the conveyance ofthe first Condominium within
the Phase 1 to a purchaser other than Declarant, this Declaration may be amended or revoked in any respect

upon compliance with the following provisions:

(a) Member Approval Requirements. Except as provided in this paragraph, any
amendment to this Declaration shall be approved by the vote or assent by written ballot of an
Absolute Majority, including the holders of not less than a majority of the Total Voting Power of
each class of Members. If a two-class voting structure is no longer in effect in the Association
because of the conversion of Class B membership to Class A membership, as provided in the
Association's Bylaws, any amendment thereof will require the vote or assent by written ballot of
both: (i) an Absolute Majority of the Association; and (ii) the vote of a majority of the Total Voting
Power held by Members other than Declarant. Any amendments to this Declaration made solely to
comply with a change in applicable federal, state or local legislation may be made upon majority
vote of the Board of Directors only. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the percentage of the voting
power necessary to amend a specific clause or provision of this Declaration shail not be less than the
percentage of affirmative voles prescribed for action to be taken under that clause.

(b) Additional Approvals of Declarant for Amendments to Particular Provisions. For
so long as Declarant owns a Condominium within the Development, the provisions of Articles 13,
14, 15, and 16 may not be amended without the prior written consent of Declarant.

 

(c) Additional Approvals of City for Amendments to Particular Provisions. The

provisions of Sections 5.3, 5.4, 5.5, 10.12, and this Section 15.2(c) may not be amended without the
prior written consent of the City.

Mynique
Tnmnn + Thomas -45- 9.40.67 v6