(d) Right of Amendment of Requested by Governmental Mortgage Agency or Federall
Chartered Lending Institutions. Anything in this article to the contrary notwithstanding, Declarant
and the Association reserve the right to amend all or any part of this Declaration to such an extent
and with such language as may be requested by Governmental Mortgage Agencies which require
such an amendment as a condition precedent to such agency's approval of this Declaration, or by any
federally chartered lending institution as a condition precedent to lending funds upon the security
of any Condominium. Any such amendment shall be effectuated by the Recordation, by Declarant
or the Association, of a Certificate of Amendment duly signed by or on behalf of the authorized
agents, or authorized officers of Declarant or the Board, as applicable, with their signatures
acknowledged, specifying the Governmental Mortgage Agency, or the federally chartered lending
institution requesting the amendment and setting forth the amendatory language requested by such
agency or institution. Recordation of such a Certificate shall be deemed conclusive proof of the
agency's or institution's request for such an amendment, and such Certificate, when recorded, shall
be binding upon all of Condominiums and Common Area comprising the Development and all
persons having any interest therein.

(e) Right of Amendment if Requested by City. Anything in this article to the contrary
notwithstanding, Declarant reserves for itself and for the Association the right to amend all or any
part of this Declaration to such an extent and with such language as may be requested by the City
to reflect a modification of the development permits which requires a conforming amendment to this
Declaration. Any such amendment shall be effectuated by the Recordation of a Certificate of
Amendment duly signed by or on behalf of the authorized agents, or authorized officers of Declarant,
or the Association as applicable, with their signatures acknowledged, specifying the City requested
the amendment and setting forth the amendatory language requested by the City. Recordation of
such a Certificate shall be deemed conclusive proof of the City's request for such an amendment, and
such Certificate, when Recorded, shall be binding upon all of the real property comprising the
Development and all persons having an interest therein.

15.3  Restatements. This section describes the methods for restating the Declaration after an

amendment.

(a) General. The Board has the right, by resolution without the necessity of consent by
the Members, to restate this Declaration when it has been properly amended pursuant to its
requirements for amendment. Such restatement shall be effective upon execution of the restatement
by any two (2) officers of the Association and its Recordation. Upon Recordation of the restatement,
the restatement shall supersede the prior declaration and its amendments in their entirety, without,
however, affecting the priority of the Declaration in the chain of title to all real property subject to
the Declaration as established by the Declaration's initial date of Recordation.

(b) Form of Restatement. The restatement shall restate the entire text of the original
document, with these exceptions: (i) changes incorporating all amendments approved the Owners;
(ii) changes made to rearrange or delete the text for consistency with the approved amendments: (iii)
changes made to delete material no longer legally effective or legally required, suchas the provisions
described in Article 14 once Declarant no longer owns any portion of the Overall Development; (iv)
the addition of a statement that the Board has authorized the restatement pursuant to this section; (v)
changes made to delete any provision declared illegal by constitutional or statutory enactment, by
regulation, or by controlling judicial opinion; and (vi) changes needed to distinguish the restatement
from the original document, such as title, section, or subsection numbering changes.

Inman « Thomas -46- 9-10-07 v4