1.16 Declaration, "Declaration" shall mean this instrument, as it may be amended from time to
time. If any Supplemental Declarations or Declarations of Annexation are approved and Recorded in
accordance with Article 13, below, then following such Recordation any reference to this Declaration shall
mean this Declaration as amended and supplemented by the Supplemental Declaration(s) and any
Declarations of Annexation.

1.17 Declaration of Annexation. "Declaration of Annexation" means a declaration annexingreal
property to the Development and subjecting the real property described therein to this Declaration, all as
more particularly described in Article 13, below,

1.18 Development. "Development" means (a) Phase 1, and (b) each Phase described in a
Declaration of Annexation, together with all Improvements now located or hereafter constructed or installed
thereon, and all appurtenances thereto.

1.19 Director. "Director" shall mean a member of the Board of Directors of the Association.

1.20 Exclusive Use Common Area, "Exclusive Use Common Area" shall mean any portion of
the Common Area the use of which is set aside, allocated, assigned, and restricted to the exclusive use or
possession of the Residents of a particular Unit. Locations of internal wiring designed to serve a Unit are
Exclusive Use Common Areas allocated to such Unit. Exclusive Use Common Areas also include, without
limitation, a patio area, indicated by the letter "P," a garage area, indicated by the letter "G," a deck area,
indicated by the letter “D," and the appurtenant Unit number. While such Exclusive Use Common Area may
be specifically referred to in the individual grant deed conveying a Condominium, the failure of any such
deed to make such reference shall not invalidate the exclusive rights set forth in this Declaration,

1.21  Goveming Documents. "Governing Documents” shall mean the Articles, Bylaws,
Declaration, Rules, and the policies and resolutions duly adopted by the Board.

1.22 Improvement. "Improvement" shall mean all structures and improvements including without
limitation buildings, landscaping, paving, fences, and signs.

1.23 Member. "Member" shall mean an Owner, and refers to membership in the Association.

1.24 Member in Good Standing. "Member in Good Standing" shall mean a Member of the
Association who is current in the payment of all dues, Assessments, fines, penalties, and other charges
imposed in accordance with the Governing Documents, and who is in compliance with all of the provisions
of the Governing Documents, as may be more particularly set forth in the Bylaws.

1.25 Mortgage. "Mortgage" shall mean a deed of trust as well as a mortgage in the conventional
sense. "Mortgagee” shall refer to a beneficiary under a deed of trust as well as lo a mortgagee in the
conventional sense. "First Morigage" shall mean any Recorded Mortgage on a Unit with first priority over
other Mortgages on such Unit. A "First Mortgagee" shall include any holder (including FHLMC and
FNMA), insurer (including FHA), or guarantor (including V A) of a First Mortgage on a Unit or other portion
ofthe Development. "FHA" shall mean the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development,
Federal Housing Administration. "VA" shall mean the United States Department of Housing and Urban
Development, Veterans Affairs. "FHLMC" shall mean the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation.
"FNMA" shall mean the Federal National Mortgage Association. Where any provision of the Governing
Documents requires the approval of a First Mortgagee, the approval of the holder, insurer or guarantor of that
First Mortgage shall be deemed to be the required approval. "Eligible Mortgagee” shall refer to any

Mystique

Inman + Thomas -4- 9-10-07 v6