FIRST AMENDMENT TO RESTATED DECLARATION OF COVENANTS,
CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS FOR
MYSTIQUE

This First Amendment to Restated Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions for Mystique
(the "Amendment") is made by Watt Communities at Mystique LLC, a California limited liability company
("Declarant").

RECITALS

A. That certain Restated Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions for Mystique was
Recorded on September 20, 2007, in Book 20070920 at Page 0938, in the Official Records of Sacramento
County, California, ("Declaration"). The Declaration covers, and is binding upon the Association, and all
Owners of Units which are more particularly described in the Declaration as the Development. The Declaration
imposes mutually beneficial restrictions and easements under a general plan or scheme of improvement for the
benefit of all Units (as defined in the Declaration), and the future owners of Units.

B. The Department of Veterans Affairs ("DVA") has determined as a condition to obtaining their
approval of the Declaration the Declaration must be amended to meet Department of Veterans Affairs
Financing requirements, as set forth in chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, or part 36 of title 38, Code
of Federal Regulations ("DVA Financing") that requires no prohibition or restriction on the condominium
Owner’s right to lease his or her Unit in the Development.

D. Subsection 15.2(d) of the Declaration permits the Declarant to amend the Declaration as set
forth below, which has the amendatory language required by DVA Financing and is necessary to obtain DVA’s
approval of the Declaration.

NOW, THEREFORE, upon the Recordation of this Amendment in the Official Records of Sacramento County,
California, the Declaration shall be amended with respect to all property comprising the Development, as
follows:

1. Amendment.
Section 4.15 of the Declaration is amended to add the following subsection:

(0) Department of Veterans Affairs Financing. To the extent that any
provisions set forth in the condominium instruments that are inconsistent with the
requirement(s) of guaranteed or direct loan programs of the United States Department of
Veterans Affairs, as set forth in chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, or part 36 of title
38, Code of Federal Regulations ("DVA Financing"), such provisions shall not apply to any
Unit that is:

 

(i) encumbered by DVA Financing or;
(if) owned by the Department of Veterans Affairs.

2. Miscellaneous. To the extent any provision of this Amendment conflicts with any provision
of the Declaration, the provision of this Amendment shall prevail. Except as expressly provided herein to the
contrary, the capitalized terms in this Amendment shall have the same meanings given such terms in the

Mystique, First Amendment
Inman Law Group, LLP 1 1/8/20 v1