RESTATED DECLARATION
OF
COVENANTS, CONDITIONS AND RESTRICTIONS
FOR
MYSTIQUE

This Restated Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions for Mystique
(the "Declaration") is made WL Homes, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, doing business as John
Laing Homes ("Declarant").
RECITALS

 

A. Declarant is the owner of certain real property located in the City of Sacramento, Sacramento
County, California, which is more particularly described in attached Exhibit "A" ("Phase 1").

B. This Declaration shall initially apply only to Phase 1, as the initial Phase of a multi-phased
condominium project known as Mystique. All or portions of the real property more particularly described
in attached Exhibit "B" (the "Subsequent Phase Property") may be made subject to this Declaration by
annexation in accordance with the terms of Article 13 of this Declaration. As property is annexed, the
annexed property shall become part of the "Development", as defined herein. Phase 1 and the Subsequent
Phase Property are hereafter referred to as the "Overall Development”.

C. Declarant hereby declares that all of the Development shall be held, sold and conveyed
subject to the following easements, restrictions, associations, reservations, covenants and conditions, all of
which are for the purpose of enhancing and protecting the value, desirability and attractiveness of the
Development. These covenants, casements, restrictions, conditions, associations and reservations: (i) create
a general plan and scheme for the subdivision development, sale and use of the Development as a
"condominium project " as that term is defined in California Civil Code section 1351([); (ii) are for the
benefit and protection of the Development and for the protection and enhancement of the desirability, value
and attractiveness of all Units and Common Area located therein; (iii) run with the Development and bind
all parties having or acquiring any right, title or interest in the Development or any part thereof; and (iv) inure
to the benefit of the successors and assigns of each Owner of any property within the Development.

D. All ofthe covenants, conditions, and restrictions set forth in this Declaration shall constitute
enforceable equitable servitudes as provided in California Civil Code Section 1354, shall constitute
covenants that shall run with the real property comprising the Development, and shall be binding upon and
inure to the benefit of each Owner of any portion of such real property or of any interest therein and their
heirs, successors, and assigns.

E. Phase 1 consists of 12 Condominium Units with individual garages located within a single
building, private driveways, parking spaces, and landscaping. Upon the annexation of all of the Subsequent
Phase Property, the Development shall consist of 92 Condominium Units located within 8 buildings.

F. Declarant previously Recorded the Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions
for Mystique on September 12, 2007, in Book 20070912, at Page 758, Official Records of Sacramento
County (the "Prior Declaration"). Pursuant to Section 15.1 of the Prior Declaration, Declarant, having not
conveyed a Condominium to a purchaser, may rescind the Prior Declaration. Declarant, by executing and

Mystique
Inman » Thomas -1- 9-10.07 v6