Recording this Declaration, hereby rescinds and revokes the Prior Declaration. Upon the Recording of this
Declaration, the Prior Declaration shall have no force or effect on any portion of the Development.

ARTICLE 1 DEFINITIONS

1.1 Definitions, Generally, When the words and phrases described in this Article are used in
the Declaration, they will have the meanings set forth in this Article. The singular shall include the plural
and the plural the singular unless the context requires the contrary, and the masculine, feminine, and neuter
shall each include the masculine, feminine, or neuter, as the context requires. The use of the term "may" in
this Declaration indicates discretion or choice, and the use of the term "shall" in this Declaration means
imperative, mandatory or imposing an absolute duty.

1.2 Absolute Majority. "Absolute Majority" shall mean a majority of the Total Voting Power
of the Association.

1.3 Additional Charges. "Additional Charges" shall mean all costs, fees, charges, and
expenditures, including without limitation, interest, late charges, attorneys’ fees, Recording and filing fees,
and all other costs actually incurred by the Association in collecting and/or enforcing payment of
Assessments, fines, and/or penalties.

1.4 Articles. "Articles" shall mean the Articles of Incorporation of the Association, as they may
be amended from time to time, and as filed with the Office of the Secretary of State of California.

1.5 Assessment. "Assessment" shall mean a charge levied by the Association against an Owner
and his or her Condominium as provided in Article 6 of this Declaration. "Assessment" shall include any
or all of the following:

(a) Regular Assessments, which shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.5 of this
Declaration.

(b) Enforcement Assessments, which shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.8 of
this Declaration.

(c} Reimbursement Assessments, which shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.7
of this Declaration.

(d) Special Assessments, which shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.6 of this
Declaration,

1.6 Association. "Association" shall mean Mystique Community Association, a California
nonprofit mutual benefit corporation, its successors and assigns.

1.7 Board of Directors. "Board of Directors” or "Board" shall mean the governing body of the
Association.

1.8 Bylaws. "Bylaws" shall mean the Bylaws of the Association as they shall be adopted by the
Members and any duly-adopted amendments thereof.

Mystique
Inman + Thoman -2- 9-10-07 v6