1.9 City. "City" shall mean the City of Sacramento, and its various departments, divisions,
employees and representatives.

1.10 Common Area. "Common Area" shall mean all of the property comprising the Development,
excluding the Units. Within the Development there are two(2) types of Common Area based on ownership.

(a) Association Common Area. The Association Common Area, as referred to in the
Plan, shall be owned in fee by the Association. The Association Common Area includes the entire
dwelling structure containing Residences, but excludes the individual Units and Condominium
Common Area. As more particularly shown on the Plan, certain portions of the Association
Common Area are Exclusive Use Common Area, as more particularly described below. In addition,
Lot A, as shown on the Subdivision Map, is Association Common Arca.

(b) Condominium Common Area. The Condominium Common Area, commonly
referred to as "Cloud" Common Area, are the air spaces between elevations 150 feet and 160 feet
above the ground level of each Association Common Arca shown on the Plan. The Condominium
Common is the real property owned in undivided interests in common by the Owners of the Units.
Each Owner shall have, as appurtenant to the Owner's Unit, an equal undivided interest in the
Condominium Common Area located above the Owner's Unit. Thus, an Owner of a Unit in
building 8, as shown on the Condominium Plan shall have an undivided 1/12" interest in
Condominium Common Area 8, and the Owners of Units in all other buildings shall have an
undivided 1/8" or 1/12" interest in the Condominium Common Area located above the Owner's
Unit,

1.11 Condominium. "Condominium" shall mean an estate in real property as defined in California
Civil Code sections 783 and 1351(f), consisting of a fee interest in a Unit, an undivided interest in common
in the Condominium Common Area containing the Unit, together with any easements or other interests in
the Development or any portion thereof as are described in the Declaration, in the Condominium Plan, or in
the deed conveying a Condominium.

1.12 Condominium Plan. "Condominium Plan" or "Plan" means a condominium plan, as defined
by California Civil Code Section 1351(e), prepared and Recorded for the Development that sets forth and
describes the three-dimensional plan of the Condominium Buildings and Units built or to be built within the
Development.

1.13 Contract Purchaser/Contract Seller. "Contract Purchaser" and "Contract Seller" shall mean
the purchaser and the seller, respectively, under an installment land contract in which title to the property
is transferred after the final installment payment is made.

1.14 County. "County" shall mean Sacramento County, California, and its various departments,
divisions, employees and representatives.

1.15 Declarant. "Declarant" means WL Homes, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company,
doing business as John Laing Homes. The term "Declarant" shall also mean any successor or assign of
Declarant, provided a certificate, signed by Declarant and Declarant's successor or assign, is Recorded
against the portion of the Development which the successor or assign assumes the rights and duties of
Declarant.

Mystique
Tuman + Thomes -3- 9-10-07 v6