Mortgagee who has requested notice from the Association related to any proposed material amendments to
the Governing Documents, as further described in Section 12.7, below.

1.26 Owner. "Owner" shall mean any person, firm, corporation or other entity in which fee title
to a Unit is vested as shown by the official records of the office of the County recorder, including Contract
Sellers, but excluding Contract Purchasers and excluding those having such interest merely as security for
the performance of an obligation. If a Unit is transferred or conveyed to a trust, the Owner is the trustee or
the co-trustees of such trust. A person or entity is not an Owner due to (a) community property or other
equitable rights not shown of Record; or (b) rights of adverse possession not shown of Record. Where the
context requires, the term "Owner" shall include the members of the Owner's household and the Owner's
guests, tenants/lessees and invitees; provided, however, that such persons are not "Owners" for purposes of
exercising voting rights in the Association.

1.27 Phase 1. "Phase 1" means all of the real property described in attached Exhibit "A".
1.28 Phase. "Phase" means each of the following: (a) Phase 1; and (b) all the real property

covered by a Declaration of Annexation in accordance with Article 13 below, unless "Phase" is otherwise
defined in such Declaration of Annexation.

 

1.29 Record; Recordation; Filed. "Record," "Recordation”, and "Filed" shall mean, with respect
to any document, the recordation or filing of such document in the official records of the County Recorder's
office.

1.30 Resident. "Resident" shall mean any person who resides in a Unit within the Development
whether or not such person is an Owner.

1.31 Rules. "Rules" shall mean the rules and regulations governing the use, occupancy,
management, administration, and operation of the Development or any part thereof as adopted and published
by the Board of Directors from time to time.

 

1.32 Simple Majority. “Simple Majority" shall mean a majority of the votes of the Members
(i) represented and voting at a meeting at which a quorum is present, or (ii) cast by written ballot (in
conformity with California Corporations Code Section 7513) in which the number of ballots received equals
or exceeds the number required to establish a quorum.

1.33 Subdivision Map. "Subdivision Map" shall mean the "Final Map of JMA North Natomas
Parcel 4," Subdivision No. P05-164, filed in the office of the Sacramento County Recorder on August 14,
2006 in Book 194 of Parcel Maps, at page 18.

1.34 Supplemental Declaration. "Supplemental Declaration” means any declaration (as defined
in California Civil Code Section 1351(h)), Recorded pursuant to Section 13.2, below, which supplements
this Declaration and which may affect solely a particular Phase. A Supplemental Declaration may be entitled
as an amendment to the Declaration in order to satisfy County Recording requirements.

1.35 Total Voting Power. "Total Voting Power" shall mean the total number of votes of all
Members entitled to vote at a particular time, calculated on the basis of one vote for each Condominium,
excluding any Condominiums as to which an Owner is not then a Member in Good Standing.

Mystique
Inman + Thomas -5- 9-10-07 v6