1.36 Unit. "Unit" shall mean the elements of a Condominium that are not owned in common with
the other Owners of Condominiums within the Development. Each Unit is an individual residence, which
is shown, defined and delineated on the Condominium Plan as a separately numbered parcel located within
a Condominium Building. The boundaries of each Unit shall be the approximate dimensions set forth on the
Condominium Plan and as follows: The interior unfinished surfaces (exclusive of paint, paper, wax, tile,
enamel or other finishes) of its perimeter walls, bearing walls, floors, ceilings, windows, and window frames,
doors and door frames, and trim, and includes both the portions of the building so-described and the air space
so-encompassed. Each Unit specifically includes the oven, garbage disposal, dishwasher, heating conduits,
range and fans, interior partitions and plumbing fixtures installed therein. Each Unit specifically excludes
the garage areas which are designated Exclusive Use Common Area. In interpreting this Declaration and the
Condominium Plan, the existing physical boundaries of the Unit shall be conclusively presumed to be its
boundaries rather than the boundaries or other description expressed in the Condominium Plan or this
Declaration, regardless of settling or lateral movement of the Association Common Area building structures
and regardless of variations between the boundaries shown on the Condominium Plan or the deed and the
Declaration and those of the buildings.

ARTICLE 2 HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION

2.1 Management and Operation. The Association, through the Board of Directors, shall manage
and operate the Development in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Governing Documents and
the applicable provisions of California law. The Association shall have all of the powers set forth in the
Governing Documents together with general power to do any and all things that a nonprofit mutual benefit
corporation may lawfully do under the laws of the State of California, subject only to the limitations upon
the exercise of such powers as are expressly set forth in the Governing Documents.

2.2 Membership. Every Owner of a Condominium shall be a Member of the Association and
shall remain a Member thereof until such time as his or her Condominium ownership ceases for any reason.
Membership shall be appurtenant to and may not be separated from ownership of a Condominium and shall
not be transferred, encumbered, pledged, alienated, or otherwise hypothecated in any way, except in
connection with the sale or encumbrance of the Condominium to which it is appurtenant.

2.3 Voting.

(a) Commencement of Voting Rights. Voting rights attributable to the ownership of
Condominiums shall vest upon the commencement of Regular Assessments against such
Condominiums by the Association,

(b) Classes of Membership. The Association shall have the following two classes of
voting membership:

(i) Class A Members. Class A Members shall initially be all Owners except
Declarant.

(ii) Class B Members. Declarant shall be the only Class B Member.

(©) Membership Voting Rights. Only Members in Good Standing shall be entitled to
vote. The voting rights and other privileges of each class of membership and the conversion of
Declarant's Class B membership into Class A memberships shall be as set forth in Article 3 of the
Bylaws.

Myslique
Tnman + Thomas -6- 9-10-07 v6