(d) Suspension of Voting Rights. A Member's voting rights may be temporarily
suspended under those circumstances described in Section 10.5(b), below.

(e) Limitations on Declarant Voting Rights. With the exception of any membership
vote pursuant to Section 3.7, below (relating to the enforcement of bonded obligations), no provision
of any Governing Document requiring approval of a prescribed majority of the voting power of the
Association other than Declarant is intended to preclude Declarant from casting votes attributable
to any Condominiums owned by Declarant. Instead, approval by the Association's Members requires
the approval of a bare majority of the Class B voting power as well as the approval of the prescribed
majority of the Class A voting power. Once the Class B membership has been converted to Class A
membership, the intent is to require the approval of a bare majority of the total voting power of the
Association as well as the approval of the prescribed majority of the total voting power of the
Association other than Declarant.

24 Board of Directors. The affairs of the Association shall be managed by or under the
direction of a Board of Directors. The number and qualifications of Directors shall be as established in the
Bylaws, and the members of the Board shall be elected as provided in the Bylaws. The Board of Directors
shall have all of the powers and duties set forth in any provision of the Governing Documents, including
without limitation such powers and duties as may be expressly set forth in this Declaration.

2.5 Association Rules. The Board of Directors shall have the power and the authority to
establish, promulgate, amend, repeal, and enforce such rules and regulations, which shall be known as
"Rules", as the Board deems necessary for the management and operation of the Development and the
conduct of business and affairs of the Association. The Rules may concern, but need not be limited to,
matters pertaining to usc of the Common Area, signs, collection and disposal of refuse, minimum standards
for maintenance of property, parking and traffic regulations, rental or leasing of Units, the keeping of pets
within Units, and any other subject matter within the jurisdiction of the Association as provided in the
Governing Documents or by law.

2.6 Manager and Other Personnel. The Board of Directors shall have the power and authority
to employ a manager and such other persons or entities as the Board shall deem appropriate to assist it in
managing the Development and conducting the business and affairs of the Association, as more particularly
set forth in the Bylaws.

2.7 Capital Improvements. The Board of Directors shall have the power and authority to provide
for the construction, reconstruction, installation, or acquisition of capital improvements upon the Common
Area, provided that in any fiscal year expenditures for capital improvements shall not exceed five percent
(5%) of the budgeted gross expenses of the Association for that fiscal year except upon the approval of at
least a majority of each class of Members. This limitation shall not apply to the expenditure of any funds
accumulated in a reserve fund for capital improvements so long as the expenditure is for the purpose for
which the fund was established nor shall it apply to any reconstruction governed by Article 11 of this
Declaration.

2.8 Sale or Transfer of Association Property. The Board of Directors shall have the power to
sell the Association's property provided that the Board shall not, in any fiscal year, sell property owned by
the Association having a value in excess of five percent (5%) of the budgeted gross expenses of the
Association for that fiscal year without approval of at least a majority of each class of Members.

Mystique
Inman + Thomas - 7 - 9-10-07 vfi