separate conveyance of an undivided interest in the Condominium Common Area apart from a
conveyance of the respective Unit shall, for all purposes, be null, void, and unenforceable.

3.2 Condominium Ownership. Ownership of each Condominium within the Development shall
include (i) a designated Unit, (ii) an undivided ownership interest in the Condominium Common Area as
tenant in common, (iii) a Membership in the Association, (iv) the right to the exclusive use or possession of
those portions of the Common Area assigned to such Unit as Exclusive Use Common Area, and (v) all
applicable easements, all as described in the Declaration, in the deed to the Unit, or in the Condominium
Plan.

3.3 Owners Non-Exclusive Easements of Enjoyment. Every Owner shall have a non-exclusive
casement of use of and enjoyment in, to, and throughout the Common Area. Each such non-exclusive
casement shall be appurtenant to and pass with the title to every Condominium, subject to the following
rights and restrictions:

(a) Rules. Theright ofthe Board of Directors to establish and enforce reasonable Rules
governing the use of the Common Area and the facilities thereon including, without limitation, Rules
(i) limiting the number of guests of Members permitted to use the Common Area and the facilities
thereon at any one time, (ii) limiting the hours of use of the Common Area and the facilities thereon,
(iii) regulating the use of the Common Area and the facilities thereon for group activities, and
(iv) regulating parking upon the Common Area;

(b) Facility Fees. The right of the Board to charge reasonable admission and other use
fees for any facilities situated upon the Common Area;

(©) Suspension of Use. The right of the Board, as more particularly addressed in the
Bylaws, to suspend an Owner's right to use the recreational facilities located on the Common Area
for (i) any period during which any Assessment against such Owner's Condominium remains unpaid,
and/or (ii) for violations of the Governing Documents by an Owner or any person for whom an
Owner is responsible;

(d) Granting of Easements. The right ofthe Board to grant easements and rights of way
in, on, over, or under the Common Area;

(¢) Transfer to Public Agency. The right of the Board to dedicate or transfer all or any
part of the Common Area to any public agency, authority, or utility;

® Encumber. The right of the Board to mortgage, pledge, encumber, or otherwise
hypothecate the Common Area and facilities thereon as security for money borrowed by the
Association;

(g) Perform Obligations. The right of the Association or its authorized agents to
performits obligations under this Declaration, including, without limitation, obligations with respect
to construction, maintenance, repair, or replacement for the benefit of the Common Arca;

(hy Establish Signage. The right of the Association to establish, construct, maintain,
repair and replace entrance signs, privacy gates, street signs, lights, maps, directories and other
similar improvements upon the Common Area,

(i) Association Use Areas. The right of the Association to establish, construct,
maintain, repair and replace facilities upon the Common Area including without limitation storage

Mystique
Taman + Thomas -9- 9-10.07 v6