facilities and workshops, which may be necessary or convenient in the discharge of the Association's
duties and the exercise of its rights under the Governing Documents; and

4) Development and Sales Rights. The right of Declarant and its employees, sales
agents, prospective purchasers, customers and representatives, to enter upon and to use the Common
Area for development and sales activities in accordance with Article 14, below. Such use shall not
unreasonably interfere with the rights of use and enjoyment of the other Owners as provided herein.

3.4 Assignment of Rights of Use. In addition to an Owner assignment of Common Area use
rights to a tenant as provided in Section 4.15, below, upon occupancy of a Unit by a Contract Purchaser, the
Owner shall be deemed to have assigned all such Common Area rights exclusively to the Contract Purchasers
of such Unit except that such Owner shall continue to have an easement for ingress and egress to such
Owner's Unit to the extent necessary to discharge the Owner's obligations and rights as a landlord. Any
Common Area rights of enjoyment assigned pursuant to this section are subject to suspension to the same
extent that rights of Owners are subject to suspension as provided in the Governing Documents. It is the
express purpose and intent of the provisions of this section to limit the right of use and enjoyment of the
Common Area to Residents and their guests.

3.5 Common_Arca Construction and Improvements. Following the conveyance of the
Association Common Area to the Association, no person or entity other than the Association or its duly-
authorized agents (i) shall construct, reconstruct, refinish, alter, or maintain any Improvement upon the
Common Area, (ii) shall make or create any excavation or fill upon the Common Area, (iii) shall change the
natural or existing drainage of the Common Area, or (iv) shall plant, remove, or destroy any seed, plant
material, tree, shrub, or other vegetation upon the Common Area.

3.6 Mechanic's Liens. In the event there shall be Recorded against the Common Area a notice
of mechanic's lien for, or purporting to be for, labor or materials alleged to have been furnished or delivered
for any Owner or his or her Unit, such Owner shall immediately cause such lien to be discharged by payment,
bond, or otherwise. 1f the Owner fails to cause the lien to be discharged, the Board may send written notice
to the Owner specifying that unless the Owner causes the lien to be discharged within five (5) days from the
date of such notice, the Board may cause the lien to be discharged. Within such five (5) day period, the
Owner shall be granted a hearing before the Board regarding the validity of such lien and any offsets or
defenses thereto. At that time, the Board shall determine whether the lien adversely and improperly affects
and encumbers the rights and interests of the Association or the other Owners. If the Board of Directors
determines that the lien does adversely and improperly affect and encumber such rights and interests and that
adequate protection of such rights and interests has not been provided, the Board may cause the licn to be
discharged by payment, bond, or otherwise. The Board shall have the right to levy a Reimbursement
Assessment against the Owner responsible for causing the lien to be discharged in an amount equal to all
amounts paid by the Association together with interest thereon at the legal rate and all costs and expenses
paid or incurred in connection therewith, including reasonable attorneys’ fees.

37 Enforcement of Bonded Obligations.

(a) Board Consideration of Enforcement. 1f any of the Common Area Improvements
within the Development have not been completed when the California Real Estate Commissioner
issues a final subdivision public report for the Development, and if the Association is the obligee
under a bond or other arrangement ("bond") to secure performance of a commitment of Declarant
to complete such Common Area Improvements, then the Board shall consider and vote on the
question of action by the Association to enforce the obligations under the bond with respect to any
Improvements for which a notice of completion has not been filed within sixty (60) days after the

Mystique
Inman + Thoms -10- 9:10:07 v6