(c) Reasonable Restrictions. All Permitted Dishes shall be installed in accordance with
such reasonable restrictions which may be imposed as part of the Rules.

4.10 Trash Disposal. Trash, garbage, accumulated waste plant material and all other waste and
refuse shall be deposited only in covered sanitary containers or recycling containers in accordance with the
following provisions:

(a) Screened Containers. Except as provided in Section 4.10(b), the containers shall
be maintained within each Unit or its Exclusive Use Common Area and shall be screened or
otherwise concealed from view from the Common Area, the streets, and the ground floor of any
other Residences.

(b) Container Pickup. The containers may be placed for pickup at a reasonable time
prior to trash collection and shall be promptly stored as specified in Section 4.10(a) after collection.
The Board may adopt Rules regulating the placement of containers for trash collection which Rules
may include limitations on the period of time during which containers may be placed for collection,
provided that no garbage, trash or refuse receptacles or containers shall remain outside their
designated storage locations after 6:00 p.m. of the regular collection day.

(©) Trash Storage. No Owner or Resident shall permit or cause any garbage, trash or
other waste or refuse to be kept upon any portion of any Unit, or any Exclusive Use Common Area
outside of the Residence or elsewhere in the Development, except in such containers.

4.11 Vehicles and Parking,

(a) Limitations on Types of Vehicles.

) Recreational Vehicles. No trailer, motor home, recreational vehicle,
camper, or boat, shall be parked, kept or permitted to remain within the Development unless
placed or maintained completely within an enclosed garage. The Board, in its complete
discretion and upon such basis and terms as its deems prudent, shall have the power to
adopt, modify and repeal Rules permitting the temporary use and parking within the
Development of vehicles otherwise prohibited by the provisions of this subsection,

(ii) Commercial Vehicles. No truck, van or commercial vehicle shall be
permitted within the Development except for such limited times as are necessary for
deliveries, the performance of maintenance, repair and replacement of Improvements within
the Development and other similar situations, and then subject to any Rules adopted by the
Board which may include, without limitation, a limit on the time of day or days of the week
when such vehicles may be present within the Development. The term "truck, van or
commercial vehicles" shall not include sedans or standard size pickup trucks and vans which
are used for both business and personal uses, provided that any signs or markings of a
commercial nature on such vehicles shall be unobtrusive and inoffensive as determined by
the Board.

(b) Condition of Vehicles, No unreasonably noisy vehicles and no vehicles (including,
without limitation, scooters, motorcycles or other motorized devices) emitting foul smelling or
offensive exhaust fumes shall be operated within the Development. No dilapidated, unsightly,
inoperable, or abandoned vehicle shall be parked, kept or permitted to remain upon any area within

Mystiquo

fnman + Thomas -13- 9-10-07 v6