Mystique

the Development unless completely enclosed within a garage. Each vehicle operated or located
within the Development shall maintain, and the Board shall have the authority to require written
evidence of, current registration which permits the vehicle to be legally operated on public streets.

(c) No Vehicle Repairs. No maintenance or repairs of any kind may be made to
vehicles within the Development except such emergency repairs as are necessary to remove the
vehicle from the Development.

(d) Parking of Vehicles of Residents. Residents shall park vehicles only within the
garage serving the Resident's Unit. In addition, provided that a Resident's garage is occupied by (2)
two vehicles subject to this Section, the Resident may park no more than one (1) vehicles per
Residence on the public streets serving the Development.

(e) Common Area Guest Parking Spaces. Subject to the limitations further described
in this Section, guests and invitees of Residents may park vehicles otherwise permitted by this
Section within the Common Area parking spaces. No vehicle of a guest shall be parked overnight
for three (3) nights or for more than 72 hours during any period of seven (7) consecutive days in any
such parking space provided that the Board may, in its discretion, permit the parking of a vehicle of
a guest for such longer period as it deems advisable. The movement of any vehicle for the purposes
of preventing the application of this Section shall be ineffective.

(f) No Parking Areas. Except as specified in Section 4.11(e), no vehicle may be parked
on any portion of the Common Area. Vehicles parked within marked fire-lanes shall be subject to
immediate towing in accordance with Section 4.11(g)(i), below.

(2) Parking Rules and Enforcement. The Development is designed to include a total
of ninety (90) parking stalls in addition to each Unit's two (2) garage parking spaces. The ninety (90)
parking stalls are expressly intended for non-Resident vehicle parking. In order to prevent or
eliminate parking problems within the Development, or to further define and enforce the restrictions
contained in this section, the Board shall have the authority to adopt further reasonable rules and
restrictions regarding vehicles and parking within the Development as the Board may deem prudent
and appropriate. The Board shall also have the power to impose sanctions for violations of
provisions of the Governing Documents relating to vehicles and parking. Such authority and power
shall include, without limitation:

i) Vehicle Towing. The power and authority to cause the towing, at the
vehicle owner's expense, of vehicles which are parked within the Development in violation
of any of the provisions of the Governing Documents, provided that towing of vehicles of
guests and other non-Residents of the Development shall be subject to the provisions of
applicable law. Costs incurred by the Association relating to the towing and/or storage of
any vehicle parked in violation of any provision of the Governing Documents shall be
assessed as a Reimbursement Assessment against the Condominium Owner responsible or
whose household members, tenants, Contract Purchasers, or guests are responsible for the
presence of such vehicle.

(ii) Fines. The power and authority to fix and impose fines for violations of this
section in accordance with California Civil Code Section 1363.

 

Inman + Thomas -14- 9-10-07 v6