4.12 Garages.

(a) Garage Condition. Each Owner shall keep his or her garage in a neat, orderly,
sanitary, and safe condition.

(b) Closed Doors. Each garage door shall remain closed except during the time required
for the entry and exit of vehicles and individuals and when and only for as long as the garage is in
active use.

(c) No Conversion. No garage shall be remodeled orused as a workshop, storage space,
hobby facility or for any other use or facility which would prevent the parking of vehicles or
otherwise interfere with the ability of the Owner of the Unit to comply with the provisions of this
Declaration. In no event shall any garage be converted to or used as a living area.

4.13 Compliance with Laws. Nothing shall be done or kept anywhere within the Development
which violates any local, state or Federal law, ordinance, statute, rule or regulation.

4.14 Animals,

(a) Household Pets. No animals, reptiles, rodents, birds, fish, livestock, or poultry shall
be raised, bred or kept in any Unit or other portion of the Development except that a reasonable
number, as determined by the Board, of domesticated birds, cats, dogs or aquatic animals kept within
an aquarium, may be kept, provided that they are not kept, bred, or maintained for any commercial
purposes and they are maintained under reasonable control at all times, all in conformance with any
City ordinances. Each dog and cat must be restrained on a leash held by a responsible person
capable of controlling it whenever it is outside of a Unit.

(b) Owner's Responsibility for Pets. The owner of each pet shall be responsible for
immediately removing and disposing of any waste introduced to any portion of the Development by
such pet. The Board shall have the power to impose fines and other sanctions for violations of
provisions of the Governing Documents relating to pets, including without limitation fines for failure
to remove and dispose of pet waste as required by this section. Each Owner, Resident, and any
person bringing or keeping an animal within the Development shall be absolutely liable to the
Association and all other persons for any injury or damage to persons or property caused by the
animal brought upon or kept upon the Development by such person or by members of his or her
household, tenants, guests, or invitees. Each Owner and Resident shall indemnify the Association
and its officers, directors, and agents against any and all claims, damages, losses, demands,
liabilities, and expenses, including but not limited to attorneys’ fees, arising out of or resulting from
the presence or conduct of any animal brought upon or kept within the Development by the Owner
or Resident, members of his or her household, guests, tenants, or invitees.

(c) Pet Rules. The Board may adopt and enforce pet Rules in addition to the provisions
of this section. Such Rules may include, without limitation, regulations regarding the presence of
pets on the Common Area and requirements that pets be registered with the Association. The
Association shall have the right to prohibit the keeping of any animal which constitutes, in the sole
and exclusive opinion of the Board, a nuisance or danger to any other person.

4.15 Rental of Condominiums. An Owner shall have the right to rent his or her Condominium
subject to the provisions of the Governing Documents, including without limitation the following specific
requirements:

Mystique
Taman + Thoms -15- 9-10-07 v6