Mystique

(a) Restriction on Number of Units Leased. Not more than twenty percent (20%) of the
Units within the Development shall, at any particular time, be leased or rented or occupied by
anyone other than an Owner, members of his or her household, or temporary guests, except as
provided in this Section 4.15. The restriction on the number or percentage of Units that may be
leased or rented as set forth in this Section 4.15 shall not apply to any Unit which is being leased or
rented on the date this Declaration is Recorded, but shall apply upon transfer of title to such Unit
after this Declaration is Recorded.

(b) Implementation. Upon request from the Board after this Declaration is Recorded,
each Owner renting or leasing a Unit shall provide such information as the Board may reasonable
require to implement the provisions of this Section 4.15, including but not limited to the names of
the tenants and the members of the tenants’ household and a copy of the signed lease. Any permitted
rental or lease of a Unit commencing after this Declaration is recorded and the renewal of tenancy
in effect on the date this Declaration is Recorded shall be pursuant to a written lease or rental
agreement in accordance with Section 4.15(m),

(c) Exceptions. The Board of Directors shall have the right but shall not be obligated
to waive some or all of the provisions of this Section 4.15 either (i) in case of deserving and unusual
hardship or (ii) for a limited term, not to exceed one (1) year upon written request of an Owner
representing that he or she will retake possession and occupancy of the Unit as a Resident thereof
upon the expiration of such limited term and subject to such other conditions as the Board may
determine. The Board shall have the right to review and approve the lease for such limited term.
Exceptions as authorized by the Board shall take precedence over the order of priority established
pursuant to Section 4.15(i).

(d) Written Application. Any Owner desiring to lease or rent his or her Unit shall
submit an application in writing to the Board of Directors, which shall state: the name, mailing
address, Unit address, and record of ownership date of the Owner; the proposed lease term; and such
other information which the Board of Directors may reasonably require from time to time, provided
that the Board shall not inquire regarding the identity of the proposed tenants. Each Owner shall
have the further right to appear in person before the Board of Directors and to discuss the request
to lease or rent his or her Unit.

(e) Board Review of Application. Within thirty (30) days after receipt of such
application to lease or rent, the Board of Directors shall review such application, and approve or
disapprove it in a written notice transmitted to the requesting Owner. If the application is
disapproved, the notice shall specify the reason(s) for disapproval. The Board shall approve the
application, unless doing so will increase the number of Units leased or rented within the
Development to more than allowed under Section 4.15(a), or will otherwise result in the violation
of any provision of this Section 4.15. The identity of the proposed tenants shall not be considered
and shall have no bearing upon the Board's review and decision regarding an application to permit
the rental of a Unit.

(f) Rehearing. Ifthe application is disapproved, the Owner concerned shall have aright
to rehearing upon written request to the Board of Directors, at its next regular meeting, or as
otherwise agreed between the Owner and the Board. The Owner shall have the right to appear at the
rehearing and present his or her case. Within ten (10) days after the conclusion of such rehearing,
the Board shall transmit its written determination to the requesting Owner and, if again disapproved,
shall specify the reasons for such disapproval.

Inman + Thomas -16- 9-10-07 v6