Development; to conduct the affairs of the Association; and to perform all of the Association's duties
in accordance with this Declaration. The funds required by the Association pursuant to this
subsection shall be assessed among the Owners of Units within the Development as "Regular
Assessments” as further provided in this Section 6.5.

(b) Allocation of Regular Assessment. Regular Assessments shall be allocated and
assessed equally among the Condominiums within the Development, except that domestic water
service, which is provided by the Association, shall be sub-metered so that the Regular Assessments
assessed for each Unit includes a component for domestic water use based on the Unit's
proportionate use.

(c) Payment of Regular Assessments. Unless the Board shall designate otherwise,
Regular Assessments shall be levied on an annual basis and shall be paid in twelve (12) equal
monthly installments during the fiscal year, and each installment shall be due and payable on the first
day of each month,

 

(d) Increases in Regular Assessment. Pursuant to California Civil Code
Section 1366(b), except as otherwise provided by law, the Board shall not increase the Regular
Assessment for any fiscal year above the amount of the Regular Assessment for the preceding fiscal
year by more than twenty percent (20%), except upon the affirmative vote or written consent of a
majority of Owners voting on any such increase in the Regular Assessment, provided that a quorum
is established. For purposes of the preceding sentence, a quorum shall mean more than fifty percent
(50%) of the Owners of the Association, notwithstanding any lower quorum requirement which may
be set forth in the Bylaws. Any meeting or election of the Association for purposes of complying
with California Civil Code Section 1366 shall be conducted in accordance with Chapter 5
(commencing with Section 7510) of Part 3, Division 2 of Title 1 of the Corporations Code and
Section 7613 of the Corporations Code.

(e) Commencement of Regular Assessment. Regular Assessments shall commence as
to each Condominium within the Development on the first day of the first month following the
month in which the first conveyance occurs for the sale of a Condominium to a person other than
Declarant. Each Condominium within the Development shall thereafter be subject to its share of the
then established annual Regular Assessment. The first annual Regular Assessment shall be pro
rated, if necessary, according to the number of months remaining in the fiscal year established in
the Association's Bylaws.

(63) Partial Assessment Exemption for Uncompleted Common Area. All Owners,
including Declarant, shall be exempt from the payment of that portion of any Regular Assessment
which is for the purpose of defraying expenses and reserves directly attributable to the existence and
use of any Common Area that is not completed at the time Assessments commence. The Assessment
exemption provided by this subparagraph shall be in effect only until the earliest of the following
events: (A) a notice of completion of the Common Area has been Recorded; or (B) the Common
Area has been placed in use.

(2) Partial Assessment Exemption for Uncompleted Units. Any Unit within the
Development having no structural Improvements for human occupancy shall be exempt from the
payment of that portion of any Assessment which is for the purpose of defraying expenses and
reserves directly attributable to the existence and use of the structural Improvements. Any such
exemption from the payment of Assessments attributed to uncompleted Units shall be in effect only
until the earliest of the following events: a notice of completion of the construction of the Unit has

Mystique
Inman + Thomas -21- 9-10-07 v6