resulted in an expenditure of funds by the Association to deal with such lack of compliance or to bring such
Owner or his Condominium into compliance, or (ii) in the event that the Association has expended funds
performing repairs as authorized by Section 7.6 of this Declaration or for any other reasons specifically
authorized by the provisions of this Declaration. A Reimbursement Assessment shall include any costs,
including attorneys' fees, incurred by the Association, including costs of collecting from an Owner any
amount which the Owner is obligated to pay to the Association. A Reimbursement Assessment shall be due
and payable to the Association when levied.

6.8 Enforcement Assessments, The Board may levy an Enforcement Assessment (and any fine
imposed by the Board in accordance with the provisions of the Governing Documents shall be deemed to be
such an Enforcement Assessment), for violation of any of the provisions of the Governing Documents, Any
Enforcement Assessment shall be due and payable to the Association when levied.

6.9 Failure to Fix Assessments. The failure or omission by the Board to fix or levy any Regular
Assessment provided for by the terms of this Declaration before the expiration of any fiscal year, for that
fiscal year or the next fiscal year, shall not be deemed either a waiver or a modification in any respect of the
provisions of this Declaration, or a release of any Owner from the obligation to pay Assessments or any
installment thereof for that or any subsequent year, but the amount of the Regular Assessment fixed for the
preceding fiscal year shall be the amount of the Regular Assessment for the ensuing fiscal year until a new
Regular Assessment is levied.

6.10 Offsets. All Assessments levied by the Board shall be payable in the full amount specified,
including any Additional Charges imposed as provided by the terms of this Declaration, and no offsets
against any such amounts shall be permitted for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation a claim
that the Association has failed to properly exercise its duties of maintenance or enforcement.

6.11 Delinquent Assessments, Any installment or other portion of an Assessment not paid within
fifteen (15) days afier its due date shall be delinquent and shall be subject to interest and late charges not to
exceed the maximum rate permitted by law, as well as all other Additional Charges. The Association may
Record a lien against an Owner's Unit for delinquent Assessments and all Additional Charges as provided
in Section 6.12, below, and in accordance with the Davis-Stirling Common Interest Development Act,
California Civil Code Section 1350 et seq.

6.12 Assessment Liens.

(a) Notice of Collection and Lien Enforcement Procedure. At least 30 days prior to
Recording a lien upon an Owner's Unit to collect an Assessment debt that is past due under this
Article 6, the Association shall notify the Owner in writing by certified mail of the following:

(iD) A general description of the Association's collection and lien enforcement
procedures and the method of calculation of the amount, a statement that the Owner has the
right to inspect the Association records, pursuant to Corporations Code Section 8333, and
the following statement in 14-point boldface type, if printed, or in capital letters, if typed:

"IMPORTANT NOTICE: IF YOUR SEPARATE INTEREST IS PLACED IN

FORECLOSURE BECAUSE YOU ARE BEHIND IN YOUR ASSESSMENTS, IT
MAY BE SOLD WITHOUT COURT ACTION."

(ii) An itemized statement of the Assessments and Additional Charges owed by
the Owner, including items on the statement which indicate the amount of any delinquent

Mystique

Inman + Thomas -23- 9-10-07 v6