Myatique,

 

Assessments, the fees and reasonable costs of collection, reasonable attorney's fees, any late
charges, and interest, if any.

(iii) A statement that the Owner shall not be liable to pay the charges, interest,
and costs of collection, if it is determined the Assessment was paid on time to the
Association.

(iv) The right to request a meeting with the Board by submitting a written
request to meet with the Board to discuss a payment plan for the Assessment and Additional
Charges debt noticed pursuant to Section 6.12(a)(ii).

wv) The right of the Owner to dispute the Assessment and Additional Charges
debt by submitting a written request for dispute resolution to the Association pursuant to the
Association's "meet and confer" program.

(vi) The right of the Owner to request alternative dispute resolution with a
neutral third party before the Association may initiate foreclosure against the Owner's Unit,
except that binding arbitration shall not be available if the Association intends to initiate a
judicial foreclosure.

(b) Payments Made by Owner. Any payments made by the Owner toward the debt set
forth shall first be applied to the Assessments owed, and, only after the Assessments owed are paid
in full shall the payments be applied to the Additional Charges. When an Owner makes a payment,
the Owner may request a receipt and the Association shall provide it. The receipt shall indicate the
date of payment and the person who received it. The Association shall provide a mailing address for
overnight payment of Assessments.

(c) Meet and Confer Program. Prior to Recording a lien for delinquent Assessments,
the Association shall offer the Owner and, if so requested by the Owner, participate in dispute
resolution pursuant to the Association's "meet and confer" program or alternative dispute resolution
with a neutral third party. The decision to pursuc dispute resolution or a particular type of
alternative dispute resolution shall be the choice of the Owner, except that binding arbitration shall
not be available if the Association intends to initiate a judicial foreclosure.

 

(d) Decision to Record a Lien. The decision to Record a lien for delinquent
Assessments, which is otherwise permitted by this Section 6.12, shall be made only by the Board of
Directors of the Association and may not be delegated to an agent of the Association. The Board
shall approve the decision by a majority vote of the Board Members in an open meeting. The Board
shall record the vote in the minutes of that meeting.

(e) Payment Plan. An Owner may submit a written request to meet with the Board to
discuss a payment plan for the debt noticed. The Association shall provide the Owners the standards
for payment plans, if any exist. The Board shall meet with the Owner in executive session within 45
days of the postmark of the request, if the request is mailed within 15 days of the date of the
postmark of the notice, unless there is no regularly scheduled Board Meeting within that period, in
which case the Board may designate a committee of one or more Members to meet with the Owner.
Payment plans may incorporate any Assessments that accrue during the payment plan period.
Payment plans shall not impede an Association's ability to record a lien on the Owner's Unit to
secure payment of delinquent Assessments. Additional late fees shall not accrue during the payment
plan period if the Owner is in compliance with the terms of the payment plan. In the event of a

Inman + Thomas -24- 9-10-07 v6