Code Sections 2924, 2924b, and 2924c applicable to the exercise of powers of sale in mortgages and
deeds of trust. The fees of a trustee may not exceed the amounts prescribed in California Civil Code
Sections 2924c¢ and 29244, plus the cost of service for either of the following:

(i) The notice of default pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1367.1).

(ii) The decision of the Board to foreclose upon an Owner's Unit as described
in California Civil Code Section 1367.4(d)(4).

3G) Actions Against Owners. Nothing in this section or in California Code of Civil
Procedure Section 726(a) prohibits actions against the Owner of a Unit to recover sums for which
a lien is created pursuant to this section or prohibits the Association from taking a deed in lieu of
foreclosure.

(k) Lien Recorded in Error. Ifit is determined that a lien previously Recorded against
a Unit was Recorded in error, the Association shall, within 21 calendar days, Record or cause to be
Recorded a lien release or notice of rescission and provide the Owner of the Unit with a declaration
that the lien filing or Recording was in error and a copy of the lien release or notice of rescission.

[0] Notice of Default. A notice of default shall be served by the Association on the
Owner's legal representative, in accordance with the manner of service of summons pursuant to
California Code of Civil Procedure Section 415.10 et seq. The Owner's legal representative shall
be the person whose name is shown as the Owner of a Unit in the Association's records, unless the
Owner in writing, delivered to the Association in a manner that indicates that the Association
receives it, designates another person as his or her legal representative.

(m) Secondary Address. Upon receipt of a wrilten request by an Owner identifying a
secondary address for purposes of collection notices, the Association shall send additional copies
of any notices required by this section to the secondary address provided. The Association shall
notify Owners of their right to submit secondary addresses to the Association, at the time the
Association issues the pro forma operating budget pursuant to California Civil Code Section 1365.
The Owner's request shall be in writing and shall be mailed to the Association in a manner that shail
indicate the Association has received it. The Owner may identify or change a secondary address at
any time, provided that, ifa secondary address is identified or changed during the collection process,
the Association shall only be required to send notices to the indicated secondary address from the
point the Association receives the request.

(n) Failure to Comply with Procedures. If the Association fails to comply with the
procedures set forth in this section, the Association shall, prior to Recording a lien, recommence the
required notice process. Any costs associated with recommencing the notice process shall be borne
by the Association and not by the Owner of the Unit.

(0) Collection of Delinquent Assessments. If Association seeks to collect delinquent
Regular Assessments or Special Assessments of an amount less than One Thousand Eight Hundred
Dollars ($1,800), not including any accelerated assessments, and Additional Charges, the
Association shall not collect that debt through judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure, but may attempt
to collect or secure that debt in any of the following ways:

1) By a civil action in small claims court.

Mystique
Taman + Thoma -26- 9-10-07 v6