7.3 Association Liability. Except as specifically provided in this article, the Association shall
not be responsible or liable for any maintenance, repair, or replacement ofa Unit or Exclusive Use Common
Area or any Improvement thereon, except to the extent that the need for such maintenance, repair, or
replacement results from the negligence or fault of the Association, its employees, contractors, or agents,

© 7.4 Qwner Maintenance Responsibility. Each Owner shall:

(a) Unit Interior. Maintain, repair, and replace his or her Unit, including without
limitation the finished surfaces of the interior walls, ceilings, and floors of the Unit, keeping the
same in a clean, sanitary, workable and attractive condition.

(b) Unit Doors. Clean, maintain, repair and replace all doors, windows, window panes
and all screens, serving his or her Unit, including door and window frames.

(a) Garage. ‘Clean, maintain, repair and replace the interior of the garage and the
automatic garage door opener of the garage appurtenant to his or her Unit.
oO

© Fixtures and Appliances. Maintain, repair and replace the internal installations,
appliancdb, equipment, and other features servicing his or her Unit, even though located wholly or
partly outside of such Unit, including without limitation (i) garbage disposals, (ii) hot water heaters,
(iii) ranges, refrigerators, freezers, dishwashers and other kitchen appliances, (iv) clothes washing
machines and dryers, (v) light fixtures and light bulbs, (vi) heating, ventilation and air conditioning
units, condensers and equipment, (vii) showers, bathtubs, sinks and toilets, (viii) sewer, water,
clectrical and other utility lines from the point that they serve only such unit, (ix) solar devices, and
(x) telephone facifities.

 

(f) . zack. Keep the decks assigned as Exclusive Use Common Area to his or her Unit
in a clean, sweptxondition.

7.5 Interior'Decorations. Except as limited by Section 4.18, above, each Owner shall have
complete discretion as to furniture, furnishings, and interior decorating of the interior of his or her Unit and
shall have the exclusiveright to paint, plaster, panel, tile, wax, paper, or otherwise refinish and decorate the
interior surfaces of the walls, ceilings, floors, and doors bounding his or her Unit, and to substitute new
finished surfaces for the finished surfaces existing on the walls, ceilings, floors, and doors, including, without
limitation, substitution of paint for paper or paper for paint, substitution of any type of panel for plaster or
plaster for paneling, substitution offtile for paneling or paneling for tile, or substitution of wood for linoleum
or tile or of linoleum or tile for wood. Notwithstanding the preceding, no Owner shall do anything in or
about his or her Unit that will affect the structural integrity of the building in which it is located.

7.6 Board Discretion. The Board shall have the absolute discretion to determine whether any
maintenance, repair, or replacement, which is the responsibility of an Owner, is necessary to preserve the
appearance and value of the property within the Development or any portion thereof and may notify an
Owmer of the work the Board deems necessary. In the event an Owner fails to perform such work within 60
days after notification by the Board to the Owner, the Board may, after written notice to the Owner, and the
right of a hearing before the Board, cause such work to be done and charge the cost thereof to the Owner as
a Reimbursement Assessment.

IX

7.7 Wood Destroying Pests and Organisms. The Association shall be responsible for all costs
involved in operating the inspection and preventive programas well as repairing and replacing the Common
Area and Improvements thereon when the need for such maintenance, repair or replacement is the result of

Mystique
Inman + Thomas -30- 910-07 v6