member of the Association Beard of Directors, any manager, the Owners and occupants of Units,
Mortgagees and such other persons as the Board may determine. The policy will insure each named
party against any liability incident to the ownership and usc of the Common Area and including, if
obtainable, a cross-liability or severability of interest endorsement insuring each insured against
liability to each other insured. The limits of such insurance shall not be less than Two Million
Dollars ($2,000,000.00) covering all claims for death, personal injury and property damage arising
out of a single occurrence. Such insurance shall include coverage against water damage liability,
liability for nonowned and hired automobiles, liability for property of others and any other liability
or risk customarily covered with respect to common interest development projects similar in
construction, location, facilities, and use.

(c) Director's and Officer's Liability Insurance. To the extent such insurance is
reasonably obtainable the Association shall maintain individual liability insurance for its directors
and officers providing coverage for negligent acts or omissions in their official capacities. The
minimum coverage of such insurance shall be at least One Million Dollars ($1,000,000.00).

(d) Additional Insurance and Bonds. To the extent such insurance is reasonably
obtainable, the Association may also purchase such additional insurance and bonds as it may, from
time to time, determine to be necessary or desirable, including, without limiting the generality of this
section, demolition insurance, flood insurance, earthquake insurance, and workers' compensation
insurance. The Board shall also purchase and maintain fidelity bonds or insurance in an amount not
less than one hundred percent (100%) of each year's estimated annual operating expenses and shall
contain an endorsement of any person who may serve without compensation. The Board shall

. purchase and maintain such insurance on personal property owned by the Association and any other
“insurance, including directors and officers liability insurance, that it deems necessary or desirable.

 

8.2 Board Authority to Alter Coverage. Subject to the provisions of Section 8.7, the Board shall
have the power and right to deviate from the insurance requirements contained in this article in any manner
that the Board, in its discretion, considers to be in the best interests of the Association. If the Board elects
to materially reduce the coverage from the coverage required in this article, the Board shall make all
reasonable efforts to notify the Members of the reduction in coverage and the reasons therefor at least
30 days prior to the effective date of the reduction.

83 Copies of Policies. Copies of all insurance policies (or certificates thereof showing the
premiums thereon have been paid) shall be retained by the Association and shall be available for inspection
and copy by Owners and their Mortgagees at any reasonable time.

8.4 Individual Owner’s Property Insurance. Each Owner shall purchase and atall times maintain
a policy of personal liability and property insurance insuring the Owner's Unit, any upgrades or additions to
any fixtures or Improvements to the Owner's Unit, and personal property. The Association's insurance
policies will not provide coverage against any of the foregoing. Any insurance maintained by an Owner must
contain a waiver of subrogation rights by the insurer as to the other Owners, the Association, and any
Mortgagee of the Owner's Unit.

8.5 Trustee. All insurance proceeds payable under Section 8.1, above, may, in the discretion
of the Board of Directors, be paid to a trustee to be held and expended for the benefit of the Owners,
Mortgagees and others, as their respective interests shall appear. Said trustee shall be a commercial bank
in the County that agrees in writing to accept such trust.

Mystique
Inman + Thomas -34- 9-10-07 v6

 

 

ra