LENT)

Tog

 

8.6 Adjustment of Losses. Board is appointed attorney-in-fact by each Owner to negotiate and
agree on the value and extent of any loss under any policy carried pursuant to Section 8.1, above. The Board
is granted full right and authority to compromise and settle any claims or enforce any claim by legal action
or otherwise and to execute releases in favor of any insured.

8.7 Governmental Lender Requirements. Board Notwithstanding anything herein to the
contrary, the Association shall maintain such policies, containing such terms, amount of coverage,
endorsements, deductible amounts, named insureds, loss payees, standard mortgage clauses, notice of
changes or cancellation, and an appropriate insurance company rating that shall satisfy the minimum
requirements imposed by the FNMA, FHLMC, FHA, or VA or any successor thereto. If such requirements
conflict, the raore stringent requirements shall be met. In the event the Board is provided notice that any
required surance policy does not satisfy the minimum requirements imposed by FNMA, FHLMC, FHA,
or VA or any successor thereto, the Board shall make all reasonable efforts to satisfy such minimum
requirements within thirty (30) days of receiving such notice.

ARTICLE 9 EASEMENTS

9.1 Easements in General. In addition to all easements reserved and granted on the Subdivision
Map, Condominium Plan, and the easements specified in Articles 3 and 14, there are hereby specifically
acknowledged, reserved and granted for the benefit of the Condominiums and the Owners in common and
for cach Condominium and Qwner severally, and for the Association, as their respective interests shall exist,
the easements and rights of way as particularly identified in this article,

9.2 Utility Easements. Easements over and under the Development or any portion thereof for
the installation, , repair, maintenancepand replacement of (i) electric, telephone, telecommunications, water,
gas, and sanitar sewer lines, meters, and facilities, (ii) cable lines and facilities, (iii) drainage facilities,
(iv) walkways, and ™) landscaping,:s shown on the Subdivision Map, and as may be hereafter required or
convenient to service the Development, are reserved by and shall exist in favor of the Association, together
with the right to grant and transfer.the same. The Association shall maintain all utility installations located
in the. Common Area except for those installations maintained by utility companies, public, private, or
municipal. =

9.3 Easements Granted by Board. The Board shall have the power to grant and convey to any
person or entity éasements and rights of way, in, on, over, or under the Common Area for the purpose of
(i) constructing, erecting, operating, or maintaining thereon, therein, or thereunder overhead or underground
lines, cables, wires, conduits, or other devices for electricity, cable television, power, telephone,
telecompipriications, public sewers, storm drains and pipes, water systems, sprinkling systems, water, heating
and ga§ lines or pipes, and any similar public or quasi-public improvements or facilities, and (ii) for any other
purposes deemed by the Board to be appropriate and not inconsistent with the purposes and interests of the
Assbciation. Each purchaser, in accepting a deed to a Condominium, expressly consents to such easements
and rights of way. No such easements may be granted if they would unreasonably interfere with the use,
occupancy, or enjoyment by an Owner or Resident of his or her Condominium without the consent of the
affected Owner of the Condominium.

9.4 General Association Easements for Maintenance, Repair and Replacement. The Association
shall have an easement in, on, over or under every Condominium as reasonably necessary to (i) maintain and

repair the Common Area, (ii) perform maintenance upon a Condominium which is not performed by its
Owner as provided by Section 7.4 and Section 7.6, and (iii) otherwise perform its obligations under this
Declaration.

Mystique
Inman » Thomas -35- 9-10-07 v6