competent jurisdiction, a decision arising out of an arbitration proceeding, or a foreclosure or sale
under private power of sale for failure of such Owner to pay Assessments levied by the Association
pursuant to Article 6 of this Declaration. The provisions of this subsection shall not affect the
Association's right to impose fines or monetary penalties or to suspend an Owner's membership
rights, as provided in the Governing Documents.

® Common Area Claims. With respect to any decisions by the Association to initiate,
defend, settle or intervene in mediation, arbitration, judicial or administrative proceedings in matters
pertaining to damage to the Common Area and any warranty claims that may arise with respect to
the Common Area, no representative of Declarant on the Board shall vote on the initiation of any
claim under California Civil Code Section 895 et. seq., such that from and after the first annual
meeting of the Association, Declarant shall have no control over the Association's ability to decide
whether to initiate a claim under such statutory provisions and in the event of such a vote, the
affirmative vote of the two non-Declarant representatives on the Board shall be binding so long as
a quorum of the Board is present at any meeting where such vote is taken. The Association and not
the individual Members shall have the power to pursue warranty claims or any claims or other
actions using the non-adversarial proceedings for construction defects in Common Area pursuant
to Civil Code Section 895 et seq., and any successor statutes or laws. Any recovery by the
Association with respect to any damage to or defect in the Common Area shall be utilized solely for
the purpose of paying for the costs of obtaining the recovery and for correcting such damage or
defect.

e) Membership Consent for Certain Action. In the event that any claim or other actions
brought by the Association under California Civil Code Section 895 et seq., and any successor
statutes or laws or any other applicable laws, involving allegations of construction defects relating
to the Common Area is not resolved pursuant to the non-adversarial procedures set forth in
California Civil Code Sections 910 through 938 and any successor statutes or laws, the Association
shall not initiate a further action or procedure against Declarant without first obtaining the consent
of the Owners other than Declarant, constituting a quorum of more than fifty percent (50%) of the
Owners of the Association casting a majority ofthe votes at a meeting or election of the Association
conducted in accordance with the provisions of California Corporations Code Sections 7510 et. seq.
and 7613 and any successor statutes or laws

10.6 Disciplinary Rules. The Board ora committee appointed by the Board for that purpose may
adopt rules and regulations that further elaborate upon and refine procedures for conducting disciplinary
proceedings and otherwise imposing sanctions upon Members of the Association for violation of provisions
of the Governing Documents. Such rules, when approved and adopted by the Board, shall be deemed to be
a part of the Association Rules provided for in, and constituting a part of, the Governing Documents.

10.7 Emergency Situations. The following shall constitute emergency situations: (i) an
immediate and unreasonable infringement of or threat to the safety or peaceful enjoyment of Residents of
the Development, (ii) a traffic or fire hazard, or (iii) a threat of material damage to or destruction of the
Development or any portion thereof. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Governing Documents,
under circumstances involving conduct that constitutes an emergency situation, the Association may
undertake immediate corrective action. Hearings with respect to such corrective action shall be held
following the corrective action in accordance with California Civil Code Section 1363, and no disciplinary
action may be taken without compliance with California Civil Cade Section 1363(h).

10.8 Alternative Dispute Resolution. California Civil Code Section 1369.520 shall be complied
with respect to any dispute subject to such section.

Mystique
Taman + Thomas -38- 9-10-07 v6