10.9  Non-Waiver. Failureto enforce any provision of the Governing Documents at any time shall
not be deemed a waiver of the right to do so thereafter with respect to the same or any other violation of any
provision of the Governing Documents.

10.10 Notices. Any notices required or given under this article shall, at a minimum, set forth the
date, time, and location of any hearing, a brief description of the act or omission constituting the alleged
violation of the Governing Documents, a reference to the specific Governing Document provision or
provisions alleged to have been violated, and the sanction, disciplinary action, or other enforcement action
being contemplated by the Board, if any. The notice shall be in writing and may be given by any method
reasonably calculated to give actual notice to the affected Member; provided, however, that if notice is given
by mail, it shall be sent by first-class mail, postage prepaid, sent to the most recent address for the affected
Member as shown on the records of the Association.

10.11 Costs and Attorneys’ Fees. In the event the Association shall take any action to enforce any
of the provisions of the Governing Documents or shall determine that any Member or members of his or her
household or his or her tenants, Contract Purchasers, guests, invitees or household pets have violated any
provision of the Governing Documents, and whether or not legal or judicial proceedings are initiated, the
prevailing party shall be entitled to recover the full amount of all costs incurred, including attorneys fees,
in responding to such a violation and/or in enforcing any Governing Document provision. The remedies of
the Association to recover the amount of such costs and attorneys’ fees shall include, without limitation, the
imposition of a Reimbursement Assessment as provided in Section 6.7 of this Declaration.

10.12 City Enforcement. In the event the Association fails to maintain the Common Area in
accordance with the duties set forth in this Declaration, the City may, at its option, cause the maintenance
of the Common Areas to be performed to the extent necessary to satisfy such duties, and charge the
Association with the cost of the maintenance.

ARTICLE 11 DAMAGE OR DESTRUCTION AND CONDEMNATION

11.1 Damage to the Common Area Buildings and Units. If any portion of the Development is
damaged or destroyed by fire or other casualty, all available insurance proceeds shall be paid to or on behalf

of the Association, as agreed to by the Board, and the repair and rebuilding of the Development shall be in
accordance with the following provisions:

(a) Insurance Proceeds Equal or Exceed 80%. If the amount of available insurance
proceeds is at least eighty percent (80%) of the cost of repairing or rebuilding the damaged property
to its original design and specifications, or if the deficiency in insurance proceeds does not exceed
$20,000, the Board shall contract to repair or rebuild the damaged portions of the Development,
including those portions of the damaged Units which are covered by the Associations’ insurance.
In the event the insurance proceeds are insufficient to pay all of the costs of repairing and rebuilding,
the Board shall levy a Reimbursement Assessment against all Owners to make up any deficiency.

(b) Insurance Proceeds Less Than 80%. In the event of any damage or destruction not
subject to Section 11.1(a), the Board shall obtain bids from responsible contractors to restore the
Development, including all damaged Units and all damaged portions of the Common Area, to its
condition immediately prior to such damage or destruction. Following the receipt of the bids, the
Board shall call a special meeting of the Members to consider the bids. At such special meeting, the
Impacted Members shall accept or reject such bids by a vote of a Simple Majority.

 

Mystique
Inman + Thomas -39- 9-10-07 v6