provided for in this Declaration with respect to any person who acquires title to or any beneficial interest in
any Condominium through foreclosure, trustee's sale or otherwise.

12.4 Right to Examine Books and Records of the Association. All Mortgagees, insurers and
guarantors of any Mortgages on any Condominium shall have the right, upon written request to the
Association, to:

(a) Association Records. Examine current copies of the Governing Documents and the
Association's books, records and financial statements, during normal business hours;

b) Financial Statements. Require the Association to provide an audited statement for
the preceding fiscal year at no expense to the requesting entity; and

(c) Notice of Meetings. Receive a written notice of all meetings of the Association and
designate a representative to attend all such meetings.

12.5 Declaration to Conform With Mortgage Requirements. Itis the intent of this article that the
Governing Documents and the development in general, shall now and in the future meet all requirements of
any institutional Mortgagee intending to secure its Mortgage by a Condominium or necessary to purchase,
guarantee, insure or subsidize any Mortgage of a Condominium by the secondary lender market, including
FNMA, FHLMC, FHA or VA. The provisions of this article may be amended solely by the vote of the Board
of Directors in order to conform to any requirements of the secondary lender market.

12.6 Notices of Mortgagees. Upon written request to the Association, any Mortgagee shall be
entitled to timely written notice of the following:

(a) Any proposed termination of the legal status of the Development as a condominium
project.

(b) Any condemnation or casualty loss which affects either a material portion of the
Development or any Unit on which there is a Mortgage held, insured or guaranteed by such
requesting party.

(c) Any 60-day delinquency in the payment of Assessments or individual charges owed
by an Owner subject to a Mortgage held, insured or guaranteed by such requesting party.

(d) Any default in the performance by the affected Owner of any obligation under the
Governing Documents which is not cured within sixty (60) days.

(¢) Any lapse, cancellation or material modification of any insurance policy or fidelity
bond maintained by the Association.

] Any proposed action which requires the consent of a specified percentage of Eligible
Mortgagees as specified in Section 12.7. Approval of a Eligible Mortgagee will be implied when
such Eligible Mortgagee fails to submit a response to any written proposal for an amendment within
thirty (30) days after the proposal is submitted, provided the notice was delivered by certified or
registered mail, with a "return receipt” requested.

Mystique
Inman + Thomas = 41 - 9-10-07 v6