12.7 FNMA, FHLMC, FHA VA Mortgages.

 

(a) Compliance Requirements. Declarant intended that the Development has been
created and exists in full compliance with all applicable California legal requirements and all other
applicable laws and regulations.

(b) Right of First Refusal. Declarant is not utilizing any right of first refusal with
respect to the sale or conveyance of any Units within the Development. In the event any Owner
attempts to utilize any right of first refusal, any right of first refusal in the Governing Documents or
otherwise shall not apply nor adversely impact the rights of a Mortgagee to:

a) Foreclose or take title to a Unit pursuant to the remedies in the First
Mortgage;

(in) Accept a deed or assignment in lieu of foreclosure in the event of a default
by a Mortgagor; or

(iii) Sell or lease a unit acquired by the Mortgagee.

(c) Approval of Material Amendments. Amendments of a materially adverse nature to
Mortgagees be agreed to by Mortgagees that represent at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the votes
of Units that are subject to Mortgages. Approval may be assumed when an eligible Mortgagee fails
to submit a response to any written proposal for an amendment within sixty days (60) after it
receives proper notice of the proposal, provided the notice was delivered by certified or registered
mail, with a "return receipt” requested.

(d) Termination of Legal Status. Any action to terminate the legal status of the project
after substantial destruction or condemnation occurs or for other reasons to be agreed to by
Morigagees that represent at least fifty-one percent (51%) of the votes of the Units that are subject
to Mortgages.

(e) Rights of Mortgagees and Guarantors. Declarant must give Mortgagee and
guarantor of the Mortgage on any Unit the right to timely written notice of.

(i) Any condemnation or casualty loss that affects either a material portion of
the project or the unit securing its Mortgage;

(ii) Any sixty-day (60) delinquency in the payment of assessments or charges
owed by the owner of any Unit on which it holds the Mortgage;

(iii) A lapse, cancellation or material modification of any insurance policy
maintained by the Association; and

(iv) Any proposed action that requires the consent of a specified percentage of
Mortgagees.

[G3] Mortgagee Priority. No provision inany Governing Document gives the Unit Owner
or any other party priority over any rights of the First Mortgagee of the Unit pursuant to its Mortgage
in the case of payment to the Unit Owner of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards for losses
or a taking of Units and/or Common Area.

Mystique
Taman + Thomas -42 - 9-10-07 v6