(8) Foreclosure Eliminates Unpaid Assessments. Notwithstanding any other provisions
in this Declaration, each holder of a First Mortgage lien who comes into possession of the Unit by
virtue of foreclosure shall not be liable for more than six (6) months of the Unit's unpaid Regular
Assessments or charges accrued before acquisition of the title to the Unit by the Mortgagee. If the
Association's lien priority includes costs of collecting unpaid dues, the Mortgagor shall be liable for
any fees or costs related to the collection of the unpaid dues.

 

(h) Compliance with FHA/VA, FHLMC or FNMA Requirements. Declarant intended
that the Development should comply with all of the requirements of the FHA, VA, FHLMC and
FNMA. All property and liability insurance covering any portion of the Development encumbered
by a Mortgage insured by FHA, guaranteed by VA, or held by FHLMC or FNMA, shall therefore
conform to the applicable FHA/VA, FHLMC or FNMA requirements. Declarant and all Unit
Owners also agree that in the event the Development or the Governing Documents do not comply
with the applicable FHA/VA, FHLMC or FNMA requirements, the Board and each Owner shall take
any action or adopt any resolutions required by any First Mortgagee to conform such Governing
Documents, or the Development, to the FHA/VA, FHLMC or FNMA requirements.

ARTICLE 13 ANNEXATIONS AND SUPPLEMENTAL DECLARATIONS

13.1 Annexation of Subsequent Phase Property. Declarant shall have the right to annex all or any
portions of the Subsequent Phase Property to the Development so as to be subject to this Declaration and so
that membership in the Association shall be appurtenant to ownership of Condominium within the annexing
Phase. Such annexation shall not require the approval of either the Association or the Owners so long as the
annexation is in substantial conformance with a detailed plan of phased development submitted to the
Department of Real Estate with the Declarant's application for a Public Report for Phase 1.

13.2 Annexation of Other Property. Real property other than Subsequent Phase Property which
is not subject to this Declaration may annex to and become subject to this Declaration with the approval by
vote or written consent of (1) the property owner, (2) Members entitled to exercise not less than two-thirds
of the Voting Power of each class of membership of the Association, and (3) the Board of Directors. After
the Class B membership has ceased, the approval of the Members required by this section shall require the
affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the voting power of Members other than Declarant. Upon obtaining
the requisite approval of the Members pursuant to this section, the owner of the annexing property shall
Record a Declaration of Annexation and, if appropriate, a Supplemental Declaration, as more particularly
described in Section 13.4, below.

13.3 Declarations of Annexation. To effectuate an annexation, a Declaration of Annexation shall
be Recorded covering the applicable portion of the annexing real property. The Declaration of Annexation
shall identify the Units and Common Area, if any, within the annexing property, and shall be signed by the
owner of the annexing property and, in cases where Membership and Board approval are required, shall
include a certificate, signed by the President and Secretary of the Association attesting to the fact that the
required Member and Board approval has been obtained. A Declaration of Annexation may include a
Supplemental Declaration which adds or modifies restrictions and rights with respect to the annexing
property.

13.4 Supplemental Declarations. A Supplemental Declaration may be Recorded against all or
any portion of the annexing property, subject to the same approval requirements for a Declaration of
Annexation pursuant to Section 13.1 and 13.2, above. The Supplemental Declaration may include
restrictions which are different from the restrictions contained in this Declaration. A Supplemental

Mystique
Tnman « Thomas -43 - 9-10-07 v6