15.4 Department of Real Estate. Anamendment to this Declaration, Bylaws, or other governing
instruments of the Association shall require immediate notification of the California Department of Real
Estate in accordance with section 2800 of the Commissioner's Regulations so long as the Development, or
any portion thereof, is subject to an outstanding Final Subdivision Public Report.

15.5 Effective Date of Amendment. The amendment will be effective upon the Recording of a
Certificate of Amendment, duly executed and certified by the president and secretary of the Association
setting forth in full the amendment so approved and that the approval requirements of this article have been
duly met. If the consent or approval of any governmental authority, Mortgagee, or other entity is required
under this Declaration to amend or revoke any provision of this Declaration, no such amendment or
revocation shall become effective unless such consent or approval is obtained.

15.6 Reliance on Amendment. Any amendments made in accordance with the terms of this
Declaration shall be presumed valid by anyone relying on them in good faith.

ARTICLE 16 GENERAL PROVISIONS

16.1 Term. This Declaration continues in full force and effect unless an amendment terminating
this Declaration is unanimously approved by the Owners and Recorded in accordance with Article 15, above.

16.2 Severability. The provisions of this Declaration shall be deemed independent and severable,
and the invalidity or partial invalidity or unenforceability of any provision hereof shall not invalidate any
other provisions hereof.

16.3 Liberal Construction. The provisions of this Declaration shall be liberally construed to
effectuate its purpose of fostering a plan of community ownership and occupancy and of management of the
Development for the benefit of the community.

16.4 Easements Reserved and Granted. Any and all casements referred to herein shall be deemed
reserved or granted, or both reserved and granted, as appropriate, by reference to this Declaration in a deed
to any Condominium.

 

16.5 Power of Attorney. To the extent necessary to carry out and enforce the provisions of this
Declaration, an irrevocable power of attorney coupled with an interest is granted to the Association by the
Owners and each of them.

Mystique

Tnmsn + Thomas -47- 9-10-07 v6