WHAT IS A HOMEOWNER'S ASSOCIATION?

Mystique Community Association is a nonprofit corporation registered with the State of California
and managed by a duly elected Board of Directors. Its purpose is to maintain all common areas and
to administer the CC&RS.

WHAT ARE THE CC&RS?

The recorded Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions, commonly referred to as
CC&RS are the guidelines established for the Common Interest Community. These guidelines
usually cannot be changed without a specified majority vote. This change then becomes an
amendment and is recorded with the County Recorder's office. Failure to abide by the CC&RS can
possibly result in a fine if the Board determines a violation has occurred. You should carefully
review the CC&RS.

WHAT ARE THE BYLAWS?

The Bylaws are the adopted guidelines and rules established for the operation of the homeowner's
association. These Bylaws aid in the election of the Board of Directors, define duties and
responsibilities of the Board and Officers and set other specifics which are necessary to properly
operate the Association. Again, you should carefully review the Association's Bylaws.

WHAT ARE DEFINED AS COMMON AREAS AND FACILITIES?

When the Community is totally developed, the Association and Condominium common areas and
facilities that the Association will be responsible to maintain include the private streets/driveways,
walkways, landscaping, fire suppression system, cluster mailboxes, lighting, exterior of buildings
surfaces excluding glass, and doors etc. In addition, there are common services such as driveway
sweeping, domestic water, sewer, exterior pest control, which the Association is responsible for
paying through the collection of Assessments from the owners.

The "exclusive use common areas" which are set aside for the exclusive use of the occupants of the
units include the decks, patios, and garages as designated on the condominium plan and the Grant
Deed to your unit. Each owner shall maintain their exclusive use common area including any
landscaping within the patio areas in a neat and clean condition at all times. In addition, each owner
shall be responsible for cleaning and maintenance of the exterior doors, windows, fireplace/flue, air
conditioning equipment that serves the unit and the interior of a garage, including the automatic
opener, if any.

INSURANCE

The Association provides property coverage (fire, hazards, and liability) through a master
commercial property insurance policy for the common areas and residence, you are
responsible for paying any deductible that applies. Homeowners should carry their own
insurance for their contents and unit liability and contact their own insurance agent for
appropriate coverage.