WHAT IS THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS?

The Homeowner's Association is a corporation by law, and therefore a governing body is needed to
oversee the business. The Board of Directors is the elected governing body of the community.

These directors create the rules and regulations for enforcement within the community, oversee that
money is being properly budgeted and spent as well as works with the managing agent in
maintaining Association common areas.

WHO MAKES UP THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS?
It is not uncommon that the initial Board of Directors consists of representatives of the builder. This

is done to provide the individuals holding the majority ownership of the Community, with adequate
protection of their interests, especially when the Community entails more than one phase.

 

However, the positions on this Board are held until there are enough closings to hold an election.
This is usually within six months from the first closing. At this point in time, the homeowners will
have an opportunity to elect some representatives to the Board.

WHEN DOES THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS HOLD MEETINGS?

The Bylaws state the frequency of the Board meetings. Board meetings are open to all
homeowners, but the Board has the right to limit participation by individual homeowners.
Depending upon the business to be transacted, Board meetings may occur only once a quarter or
as often as monthly.

WHAT IS MY ASSESSMENT?

The assessment is the monthly installment of the annual assessment amount due from each
homeowner. This assessment is used to maintain the property that is commonly owned or controlled
by the Association. The annual assessment is based upon the estimated expenses required to operate
the Association and maintain the common areas and facilities (budget). Only homeowners are
assessed, renting tenants are not billed.

HOW IS THE AMOUNT OF MY ASSESSMENT DETERMINED?

The Department of Real Estate requires a proforma operating budget be submitted from the
developer for the first year's operation of the Association. This budget is reviewed by the
Department of Real Estate, utilizing their guideline figures, for all common areas and facilities
which are the responsibility of the Association. There are two basic areas to the budget: the
Operating accounts such as utilities, landscaping, pest control, etc, and the Reserve accounts for
replacement of components such as roofing, paving, painting, etc. These amounts are difficult to