predict accurately and even if accurately estimated initially, these amounts can increase with the age
of facilities and with increased costs of living. Additional cumulative budgets for the proposed
additional units and common areas for future phases have also been prepared and reviewed by the
Department of Real Estate.

WILL MY ASSESSMENT GO UP?

The assessments may increase after the first year due to unforeseen changes in the operations and
cost increases for utilities and services. Your Board of Directors will prepare a new budget each
year to reflect changes and cost increases or decreases. The Board must obtain the majority vote of
the members to increase the budget more than 20% from the prior year's budget. As this is a phased
Community in which additional units may be annexed, it is possible that your assessments may
increase or decrease when the assessments commence for the next phase.

WHAT HAPPENS IF I DON'T PAY MY ASSESSMENT?

The CC&RS state that not paying the monthly assessment causes the homeowner to be subject to a
lien notice after thirty (30) days past due, as well as interest and late charges.

If there is no payment from the homeowner within the time frames set forth in the Association's
"Assessment Collection Policy," a lien can be filed which could eventually result in foreclosure of
your unit. Remember that all the owners share the responsibility of assuring payment to the
Association so that the property can be properly maintained. Be sure to closely review the
Association's adopted Assessment Collection Policy.

WHAT IS A MANAGEMENT COMPANY AND WHAT DOES IT DO?

A Management Company is hired to act as the agent for the Homeowner's Association. Typical
responsibilities include:

Assessment Collection: Collection of assessments and delinquent assessments.

Supervision of all Subcontractors: Hiring, supervising and working with landscaping, street
sweepers, utility companies, etc. The Management Company does not perform these services, but
acts in a supervisory capacity only.

Accounting: Submitting monthly assessment statements to the homeowners, maintaining current
lists of homeowner addresses as received, processing of the association payables, and submitting
monthly financial reports to the Board.

Communication: Performing as a liaison for the Association to the developer, providing
information from the Board and Management to homeowners, as well as communication between
homeowners, through monthly newsletters or mailings.