Problem Solving: Working with the Board of Directors in interpreting and enforcing the CC&RS,
Bylaws and Rules and Regulations of the Association. Responding to homeowners requests
regarding the common areas and the operation of the Association.

Consulting: Providing the Board with information pertaining to proper maintenance of the
complex, suggested Community improvements and to keep the Board advised of current Association
Management.

IF I'M BUYING THE HOME BUT PLAN TO LEASE IT, WHAT DO I NEED TO KNOW?

First of all, the monthly assessments are still the responsibility of the homeowner. Screening of
tenants before rental is very important, not only to the owner, but also in consideration of the other
residents. Disturbances and disorderly conduct by tenants and can result in a fine to the OWNER for
their behavior. Preservation of the community as well as harmony among residents is the ultimate
goal of any association. If a tenant violates these rights, the owner is expected to take the necessary
measures to correct the situation. Each owner should be certain that his tenant is familiar with the
Association rules and regulations. Section 4.15 of the CC&Rs has restrictions and procedures if
you want to lease your unit.

IF I WANT TO MAKE ADDITIONS TO MY UNIT OR MAKE NOTICEABLE CHANGES
WHAT DO I NEED TO KNOW?

 

Each Association has governing regulations concerning the addition or changes to the exterior of any
premise. The Board of Directors must approve all exterior changes. If a homeowner completes
an exterior change without Board approval, the owner may be asked to remove the structure or
change, and conform to the rulings of the Board. This regulation is set up to maintain the overall
appearance of the community and protect the property values. Also, the city of Sacramento requires
that any structural changes be submitted and approved through its office for proper building permits.

WHOM DO I CONTACT?
1) Interior Home

You are responsible for maintenance of the interior of your unit including interior doors, walls,
cabinets, appliances and all electrical, heating, plumbing and other utility fixtures situated in the unit
or exclusively serving the unit. Each owner shall periodically clean and maintain their windows. In
addition you are responsible for any pest control within your unit and the repair and replacement of
any smoke detectors. You are also responsible to maintain the interior of your "Exclusive Use Area"
(patio, deck, garage) in a neat and clean condition.

Within the first year, if you are having interior problems contact the Customer Service
Representative of the builder.