MYSTIQUE COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION
ASSOCIATION RULES

EFFECTIVE: SEPTEMBER 1, 2007
A. PREAMBLE

A-1. The authority for the Board of Directors to form and enforce rules and regulations is
provided by the Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions under Section 2.5. A copy of
this Declaration was given to each owner at the time of purchase of their condominium unit.

A-2. The Manager of the Mystique Community Association has been instructed by the
Board of Directors to require the compliance of all persons on Association properties with the
provisions of all Rules, Bylaws and the CC&RS. In the instance of a person violating the Rules, the
Bylaws or the CC&RS, the Manager has further been instructed to do any of the following:

a) Obtain names and addresses of violators and report to the Board of Directors.
b) Call upon a law enforcement agency for assistance.
c) In the case of residents’ children, make every effort to contact their parents

immediately, prior to making the action called for in (b) above.

A-3. The Rules as contained herein are issued by the Board of Directors. They are
supplemental to the Conditions of ownership in the Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and
Restrictions. If there is any conflict the provisions of the Declaration will prevail.

The Rules are intended as a guide to the conduct and activities of all members,
lessees and residents of the Mystique Community Association and their guests, to the end that
everyone living in and using the facilities will enjoy the maximum pleasure without annoyance or
interference from others. Strict observance and adherence is urgently requested by the Board of
Directors.

B. COMMUNITY RELATIONS

B-1. REGISTRATION All members and residents must be registered with the manager.

a) Association members are those individuals owning a condominium unit at
the Mystique Community Association .
b) Residents are defined as owners and members of their families living on the

premises of the Community, or lessees and members of their families living
on the premises of Mystique Community Association.

c) Owners leasing their unit(s) retain their voting right in the Association but
assign the use of all common facilities of the Community to the lessee of