their units(s). The lessee assumes the privileges and responsibilities of
membership as hereinafter stated, but does not have a voting right the vote
belongs only to the owner. Non-resident owners are not permitted to use any
common area facilities when so assigned to a lessee except as a guest of a

resident.

d) The lease or rental agreement must be in writing and must be for a term of
not less than six (6) months and be subject to the CC&RS, Bylaws and
adopted rules.

e) The Owner must submit a written request and receive written approval

from the Board of Directors before leasing his unit. The Owner is
responsible to provide a copy of the CC&RS, Bylaws and these adopted rules
and regulations to their tenants at their sole cost. The Owner is required to
notify management of the names and phone numbers of their tenants and
provide a copy of the rental agreement. Please refer to Section 4.15 of the
CC&RS for further restriction and procedures on leasing your unit.

B-2. GUESTS
a) Guests must be accompanied by a host or hostess resident of the Association
when using the facilities of the Association.
b) It is the right of each resident to question the presence of any person who

appears to be trespassing and/or advise the Manager regarding the situation.
B-3. NEIGHBORLY CONDUCT

a) All activities, whether individual or group, shall be conducted at a noise level
that is reasonable and not disturbing to other Association residents. Each
owner or resident is responsible for the conduct and behavior of their
children, guests, and any visiting children and for any property damage
caused by such persons. No loud power equipment, hobby shops or
carpenter shops shall be operated or conducted in a unit, garage or common
areas.

b) Vehicles, toys, or bicycles are not allowed to be parked or placed so they
block or interfere with pedestrian traffic on the sidewalks. The placement of
unattended tricycles, play toys, or other equipment in front yards and areas
visible from adjoining units is prohibited.

B-4. BUSINESS ACTIVITIES No business activities of any kind are to be conducted in
any building or on any portion of the common areas in violation of local in violation of local, state
and federal laws or section 4.2 of the CC&Rs.. This includes garage sales.