B-5. EXTERIOR APPEARANCE/SIGNAGE

a) Signs, sunshades, advertising or other devices, or miscellaneous
paraphernalia shall not be exposed or attached in any fashion to or on
windows, decks, fences and exterior walls or any other areas of buildings or
grounds, unless written approval has been obtained from the Board of
Directors.

b) One sign of customary and reasonable dimensions advertising the unit for
sale or rent may be displayed on the window of a unit or other area
designated by the Association.

c) Drapes, window shades or shutters shall be installed in the windows of all
Units and garages and shall be kept in good repair and condition at all times.
All window treatments visible from the outside are to be of a neutral color.
No newspapers, cardboard, sheets, reflective screening, aluminum foil,
paint, or other non-standard window coverings are allowed on the
windows.

B-6. SPORTS EQUIPMENT Except for sports apparatus installed and maintained by
the Association, no sports apparatus, whether portable or fixed, including without limitation
basketball standards shall be permitted within the Community.

B-7. BARBEQUES Barbeques may or may not be allowed in the Community,
including on any Exclusive Use Areas. Currently, only portable gas barbeques are allowed. The
Board, at its discretion, may decide to amend this regulation if the Association is unable to
obtain fire insurance because of the use of barbeques, as required by the Declaration, at a
commercially reasonable price. An Owner’s barbeque must be kept in a presentable, well-
maintained condition and may not be allowed to damage any component of the Exclusive Use
Areas. Barbeques must be positioned in such a manner as to minimize any smoke or odors from
interfering with any of the neighboring Owners. It is also recommended that all Owners have a
fire extinguisher in case of emergencies.

B-8. SOUND TRANSMISSIONS No Unit shall be altered in any manner which
would result in an increase in sound transmission, resonance or reverberations to any other Unit.
Only soft-cover floors may be installed on the lower levels of Units, except for replacement of
any hard coverings in kitchen, bath or other areas where such hard coverings were originally
installed by Declarant.

B-9. COMMON AREA SYSTEMS Common area heating units, time clocks and
lighting systems are to be adjusted and/or set by authorized personnel only.

B-10. COMMON AREA DAMAGE Members, lessees and residents are responsible for
payment of all cost of repairs for all damage to the Association's property caused by themselves,
members of their families or their guests. Please refer to Section 4.4 of the CC&RS for further
restrictions.