B-11. SIDEWALKS Community sidewalks, and stairways are to be utilized for ingress or
egress from buildings and units. They shall not be obstructed in any manner or used for any other

purpose.

B-12. PARKING

a)

b)

©)

d)

©)

g)

h)

i)
»

Residents shall park vehicles only within the garage serving the
Resident’s Unit. Provided that a Resident’s garage is occupied by two
(2) vehicles, Resident may park no more than one (1) vehicle per Unit on
the public streets serving the Community.

No Resident parking is permitted on any private street in the
Community. Residents may not park in the designated guest parking
areas. No vehicle shall be parked in guest parking for three (3) nights or
more than 72 hours during and period of seven (7) consecutive days.
Violators of the parking restrictions may have their vehicles towed at the
Owner's expense. The movement of any vehicle for the purposes of
preventing the application of this rule shall be ineffective.

No truck, van or commercial vehicle shall be permitted within the
Community except for such limited times as are necessary for deliveries, the
performance of maintenance, repair and replacement of Improvements within
the Community. The term “truck”, van or commercial vehicles” shall not
include sedans or standard size pickup trucks and bans which are used for
both business and personal uses, provided that any signs or markings of a
commercial nature on such vehicles shall be unobtrusive and inoffensive as
determined by the Board.

No trailer, motor home, recreational vehicle, camper, or boat, shall be parked,
kept or permitted to remain within the Community unless placed or
maintained completely within an enclosed garage.

The garage is solely to be used for the parking and storage of cars or similar
vehicles.

Vehicles parked within marked fire-lanes shall be subject to immediate
towing at the owner’s expense.

Garage doors must remain closed except for entering/exiting and when the
garage is in use and attended.

No garage shall be remodeled or used as a workshop, storage space, hobby
facility or for any other use or facility which would prevent the parking of the
number of vehicles for which the garage was originally designed. In no
event shall any garage be converted to or used as a living space.

Residents must keep their garage and/or parking space clean of any oil or

other stains at all times.
All vehicles must display current license plates.

10