k) No unreasonable noisy vehicles and no vehicles (including, without
limitation, scooters, motorcycles other motorized devices) emitting foul
smelling or offensive exhaust fumes shall be operated within the Community.
No dilapidated, unsightly, inoperable, or abandoned vehicle shall be parked,
kept or permitted to remain upon any area with the Community unless
completely enclosed within a garage.

I) The Community is designed to include a total of ninety (90) parking stalls in
addition to each Unit’s two (2) garage parking spaces. The ninety (90)
parking stalls are expressly intended for non-Resident vehicles parking. The
Board shall have the power to impose sanctions for violations of provisions
of the Governing Documents relating to vehicles and parking including
towing and imposing fines.

B-13. SPEED LIMIT The maximum speed limit within the confines of Mystique
Community Association is 15 miles per hour.

B-14. ANTENNAS/SATELLITE DISHES No outside television antenna, microwave
or satellite dish, aerial, or other such device (collectively “Video Antennas”) with a diameter or
diagonal measurement in excess of one (1) meter shall be erected, constructed or placed on any
Common Area or Unit. Video Antennas with a diameter or diagonal measurement of one (1)
meter or less may be installed only if they are placed in locations which are not visible from the
streets within the Community. Reasonable restrictions that do not significantly increase the cost
of the Video Antenna system or significantly decrease its efficiency or performance may be
imposed. Satellite dishes may not be attached to the Building ,deck, patio, or entry porch,
only dishes on free standing poles located in the Owners Exclusive Use Area are permitted
which are not visible from the streets.

B-15. HOUSEHOLD PETS a reasonable number of normal and customary household
pets, such at domesticated birds, cats, dogs or aquatic animals kept within an aquarium may be
maintained within a unit under the following conditions:

a) Whenever pets are outside of the resident's unit, they must be on leash or
otherwise under full control of the owner.

b) Residents must clean up after any mishap performed by their pets.

c) Residents shall be responsible for any personal injury or property damage
caused by their pets.

d) Pets emitting excessive noise, or in any manner unduly disturbing other

residents, may be caused to be removed from the premises of the Association
by order of the Board of Directors after notice and a hearing.

e) Guests are not allowed to bring pets onto Association common areas.

f) No animals, reptiles, rodents, birds, fish or poultry shall be maintained
for any commercial purposes.

11