B-16. TRASH RECEPTACLES No Resident shall permit or cause any garbage trash or
other waste or refuse to be kept upon any portion of any Unit, or any Exclusive Use Common Area
outside of the Residence or elsewhere in the Community except in closed trash containers. Trash
containers shall be stored in the Unit or in the garage, except they may be placed at the curbs
on the night before and day of the scheduled trash pick up and must be returned to their
designated storage location before 6:00 pm on the day of collection.

B-17. EXCLUSIVE USE DECKS, PATIOS, & GARAGES

a)

b)

©)

d)

©)
fH

g)

h)

The installation of any tiles or flooring material on the decks or patios that
will alter drainage patterns are not allowed. The Board of Directors must
approve all flooring material to be installed on the Exclusive Use
Common Area decks or patios. The material shall be of a type and color
which is harmonious with the buildings exterior surface. Carpet, artificial
turf or other material that can trap water next to the surface of the decks or
patios is also prohibited. Puncturing the waterproofing material on the
decks or patios is prohibited.

Existing drainage patterns on decks or patios must be maintained and all
drainage systems must be kept free of debris and free flowing. Changing
the drainage pattern may cause damage to the Community’s buildings and
structures.

Potted plants must have a tray placed underneath the pot to prevent water
spillage onto the decks or patios. Such trays, and any other device
designed to hold water, must be raised above the surface of the decks or
patios in order to allow sufficient airflow beneath such tray or device.
Deck or patio furnishings must be in good condition and must be
complimentary to the exterior color scheme of the buildings in these areas.
Furniture in a state of disrepair (i.e. torn cushions, rusting frames, faded
or torn umbrellas) is prohibited. Furnishings must be equipped with
protective leg caps or other devices to prevent damage to the floor of the
Exclusive Use Area. Additionally, none of these furnishings or other
Improvements shall be nailed, bolted, or otherwise attached to the floor,
walls, or any portion of the Exclusive Use decks and patios.

Potted plants shall not be placed in a position on any Exclusive Use Area,
which will block any drains or obstruct drainage patterns.

No hanging screens, drying laundry, plants, banners, wind chimes, bird
feeders or other objects may be hung from a decks or patios.

No Owner shall use any Exclusive Use decks or patios for storage
purposes, including, without limitation, the storage of bicycles.

Exclusive Use Areas must be kept clean and tidy.

i) Only gas BBQ’s are permitted on the Exclusive Use Areas.

12