MYSTIQUE COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION
ASSESSMENT COLLECTION POLICY

EFFECTIVE: September 1, 2007

In accordance with Civil Code Section 1366 (c) and Article 6, Section 5, of the Declaration
of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions, monthly installments of the regular annual assessments
levied by the Association pursuant to the Declaration shall be due and payable on the first day of
each and every month and shall be delinquent 15 days thereafter; if not paid in full. If an
assessment is delinquent, the Association shall be entitled to recover the following sums from the
responsible owner(s):

1.

The amount of all assessment installments then delinquent and which become
delinquent during the collection process.

Reasonable costs incurred by the Association in collecting the delinquent
assessment installment. In order to assure equitable and uniform treatment of all
Association members, the Board of Directors hereby determines that reasonable
costs of collection shall include, without limitation:

A. any reasonable costs incurred by the Association in contracting with a third
party such as a management company, accounting firm, or collection agency
for collection services;

B. reasonable attorney's fees if, in the discretion of the Board of Directors, an
attorney is retained to assist the Association in the collection of any
delinquent assessment installment; and

C. the actual costs incurred by the Association in connection with any court
action initiated to collect delinquent assessment installments.

A late charge not exceeding 10% of the delinquent assessment installment or
$10.00, whichever is greater.

Interest on all sums specified above; including the delinquent assessment
installment; reasonable costs of collection; and late charges; at the rate of 12% per
annum, said interest to commence 30 days after the installment becomes due and to
continue on any unpaid sums until payment is received in full.

The Association shall be entitled to administer and enforce this Assessment Collection
Policy either directly or through utilization of the services of a property management company,
collection agency, accounting firm and/or attorney firm.

The Association's Board shall be further authorized and empowered to apply the
Association's collection costs and any late charges recovered from delinquent owners to the
satisfaction of fees incurred with third party contractors retained to assist in the collection process.