ANNUAL NOTICE TO MEMBERS OF
MYSTIQUE COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION

CIVIL CODE SECTION 5730 NOTICE REGARDING
COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION ASSESSMENT RIGHTS AND
FORECLOSURE AND OTHER COLLECTION REMEDIES

Civil Code section 5730 requires that the following notice be provided to each member of an
association operating within a California common interest development (as defined in Civil Code
section 4100) during the sixty (60) day period immediately preceding the beginning of the
association’s fiscal year. This notice must be printed in at least 12-point type:

"NOTICE ASSESSMENTS AND FORECLOSURE

This notice outlines some of the rights and responsibilities of Owners of property in common
interest developments and the Associations that manage them. Please refer to the sections of the
Civil Code indicated for further information. A portion of the information in this notice applies only
to liens recorded on or after January 1, 2003. You may wish to consult a lawyer if you dispute an
assessment.

ASSESSMENTS AND FORECLOSURE

Assessments become delinquent fifteen (15) days after they are due, unless the governing documents
provide for a longer time. The failure to pay association assessments may result in the loss of an
owner's property through foreclosure. Foreclosure may occur either as a result of a court action,
known as judicial foreclosure or without court action, often referred to as nonjudicial foreclosure.
For liens recorded on and after January 1, 2006, an Association may not use judicial or nonjudicial
foreclosure to enforce that lien if the amount of the delinquent assessments or dues, exclusive of any
accelerated assessments, late charges, fees, attorney's fees, interest, and costs of collection, is less
than one thousand eight hundred dollars ($1,800). For delinquent assessments or dues in excess of
one thousand eight hundred dollars ($1,800) or more than twelve (12) months delinquent, an
Association may use judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure subject to the conditions set forth in Article
3 (commencing with Section 5700) of Chapter 8 of Part 5 of Division 4 of the Civil Code. When
using judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure, the association records a lien on the Owner's property.
The Owner's property may be sold to satisfy the lien if the amounts secured by the lien are not paid.
(Sections 5700 through 5720 of the Civil Code, inclusive)

In a judicial or nonjudicial foreclosure, the Association may recover assessments, reasonable costs
of collection, reasonable attorney's fees, late charges, and interest. The Association may not use
nonjudicial foreclosure to collect fines or penalties, except for costs to repair common areas
damaged by a member or a Member's guests, if the governing documents provide for this. (Section
5725 of the Civil Code)

The Association must comply with the requirements of Article 2 (commencing with Section 5650) of
Chapter 8 of Part 5 of Division 4 of the Civil Code when collecting delinquent assessments. If the
Association fails to follow these requirements, it may not record a lien on the Owner's property
until it has satisfied those requirements. Any additional costs that result from satisfying the
requirements are the responsibility of the Association. (Section 5675 of the Civil Code)