At least thirty (30) days prior to recording a lien on an owner's separate interest, the Association
must provide the Owner of record with certain documents by certified mail, including a description
of its collection and lien enforcement procedures and the method of calculating the amount. It must
also provide an itemized statement of the charges owed by the Owner. An Owner has a right to
review the association's records to verify the debt. (Section 5660 of the Civil Code)

If a lien is recorded against an Owner's property in error, the person who recorded the lien is
required to record a lien release within twenty-one (21) days, and to provide an Owner certain
documents in this regard. (Section 5685 of the Civil Code) The collection practices of the
Association may be governed by state and federal laws regarding fair debt collection. Penalties can
be imposed for debt collection practices that violate these laws.

PAYMENTS

When an Owner makes a payment, he or she may request a receipt, and the Association is required
to provide it. On the receipt, the Association must indicate the date of payment and the person who
received it. The Association must inform owners of a mailing address for overnight payments.
(Section 5655 of the Civil Code) The mailing address is c/o VierraMoore, Inc., 2870 Gateway Oaks
Drive, Suite 100, Sacramento, CA 95833.

An Owner may, but is not obligated to, pay under protest any disputed charge or sum levied by the
association, including but not limited to, an assessment, fine, penalty, late fee, collection cost, or
monetary penalty imposed as a disciplinary measure, and by so doing, specifically reserve the right
to contest the disputed charge or sum in court or otherwise.

An Owner may dispute an assessment debt by submitting a written request for dispute resolution to
the Association as set forth in Article 2 (commencing with Section 5900) of Chapter 10 of Part 5 of
Division 4 of the Civil Code. In addition, an association may not initiate a foreclosure without
participating in alternative dispute resolution with a neutral third party as set forth in Article 3
(commencing with Section 5925) of Chapter 10 of Part 5 of Division 4 of the Civil Code, if so
requested by the Owner. Binding arbitration shall not be available if the Association intends to
initiate a judicial foreclosure.

An owner is not liable for charges, interest, and costs of collection, if it is established that the
assessment was paid properly on time. (Section 5685 of the Civil Code)

MEETINGS AND PAYMENT PLANS

An Owner of a separate interest that is not a time-share interest may request the association to
consider a payment plan to satisfy a delinquent assessment. The association must inform owners of
the standards for payment plans, if any exist. (Section 5665 of the Civil Code)

The Board must meet with an Owner who makes a proper written request for a meeting to discuss a
payment plan when the Owner has received a notice of a delinquent assessment. These payment
plans must conform with the payment plan standards of the Association, if they exist. (Section 5665
of the Civil Code)