MYSTIQUE COMMUNITY ASSOCIATION
ELECTION AND SECRET BALLOT VOTING RULES AND PROCEDURES
EFFECTIVE: September 1, 2007

1. General These Rules are intended to comply with Civil Code section 1363.03 and any
amendments thereto and shall apply to elections (1) of the Board of Directors, and regarding (2)
assessments, (3) amendments to the governing documents, (4) the granting of exclusive use of
common area property, and (5) any other matter that may be the subject of a vote of Association
members.

2. Inspector(s) of Election

2.1 The Board has appointed the Association’s Manager, VierraMoore, Inc. as the
Inspector of Election with the full powers conferred on Inspector(s) of Election pursuant to
California Corporations Code Section 7614 and California Civil Code Section 1363.03.

2.2 The Association may, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, provide
reasonable compensation to the Inspector of Election.

2.3 The Association shall indemnify the Inspector of Election in connection with
services performed in good faith by the Inspector of Election related to the election.

2.4 The Inspector of Election shall have the sole authority to determine whether to
issue a replacement ballot to a member if requested by the member.

3. Members Voting Rights, Qualifications and Power

3.1 Each member's qualifications for voting and voting power shall be as specified in
the Association’s Bylaws and the other Governing Documents.

3.2 With regard to an election of Directors, if the Association's Bylaws permit
cumulative voting, each membership shall be entitled to cast a number of votes equal to the
number of Directors to be elected multiplied by the number of Lot/Units owned by that member,
and each member may cumulate its votes.

4. Equal Access to Association Media and Facilities

4.1 No candidate or Association member advocating a point of view for purposes
related to an election covered by these Rules shall be allowed access to any form of Association
media, including newsletters and/or common area bulletin board, unless at the discretion of the
Board allows equal access to all candidates and members advocating a point of view.

4.2 No Association funds shall be used for campaign purposes in connection with any
election, which is subject to these Rules.