5. Qualifications of Candidates

5.1 Candidates for the Board of Directors must meet qualifications as set forth in the
Association Bylaws and as set forth hereafter.

5.2 To the extent not in conflict with the Bylaws, a candidate must also:
5.2.1 Be current in all assessment installment payments; and
5.2.2 Not be subject to any pending Association disciplinary actions.
5.2.3 Only one Owner of a Lot/Unit may serve on the Board at any one time.
6. Nomination Procedure for Board of Directors

6.1 Candidates for the Board of Directors shall be nominated at the Annual Members
Meeting scheduled and noticed by the Board of Directors as set forth in the Association Bylaws.
Upon establishment of the Quorum required to conduct the meeting, an explanation of the Secret
Ballot voting procedures, qualifications for candidates and members voting, voting power of
each membership, voting period for elections, quorum requirements, cumulative voting and the
duties and responsibilities of the Inspector of Election shall be presented by the Inspector of
Election.

6.2 Nominations will be open from the floor and all qualified candidates may
nominate themselves or be nominated by another Member, if they so accept the nomination. On
a vote of the Members present the nominations will be closed and no further nominations will be
accepted including write in candidates when the ballots are mailed. All candidates will be given
an opportunity to present their qualifications and other information about themselves. Members
will have the right to ask questions of the candidates and the pending election procedures. No
written candidate statements will be mailed with the ballots. The Board of Directors or President
will not appoint a Nominating Committee. In accordance with parliamentary procedure, if after
closing of the nominations it is determined that the number of nominations equals or is not more
than the number of available director positions the Members present, in person or by proxy by
unanimous vote may elect the slate of nominees as directors and dispense with the secret ballot
procedures by acclamation.

7. Proxies

The Association shall have the option, but shall not be obligated, to distribute proxies for
any election covered by these Rules or to establish a quorum of the membership. If the
Association distributes a proxy form, any instruction given in that proxy directing the manner in
which the proxy holder is to vote shall be set forth on a separate page of the proxy that can be
detached and given to the proxy holder to retain. The proxy holder may then cast the member's
vote by secret ballot, which will be provided by the Inspectors of Election upon presentation of
the proxy.