8. Quorum

8.1 Quorum for the purposes of conducting the Annual Membership Meeting,
Election of Directors or other matter’s requiring the vote of Members by secret ballot shall be as
required by the Association’s Bylaws and Governing Documents.

8.2 If the Association’s Bylaws provide, the Annual Membership meeting may be
adjourned to another time due to lack of a quorum of the members present in person or by proxy.
If the Bylaws provide that the quorum requirements for the adjourned meeting are reduced, then
upon the establishment of the reduced quorum requirements to conduct the Annual Membership
meeting shall be the same for the Election of the Directors by secret ballot mailed after the
membership meeting.

9. Ballot Procedures

9.1 Distribution of Ballots: Each secret ballot and two pre-addressed envelopes with
instructions on how to complete and return the ballots shall be mailed by first-class mail or
delivery by the Association to every member not less than 30 days prior to the deadline for
voting. The members shall be informed of the matter that is subject of the member vote and of
the date by which ballots must be returned in order to be counted. In the election of Directors the
candidates last names will be listed alphabetically. No written candidate statements will be
mailed with the ballots for the election of directors. The ballot may not identify the name,
address or Lot/Unit number of the voter and is not to be signed by the voter. The ballot is to be
inserted into the envelope marked “Ballot Envelope” that is then sealed. This envelope is to be
inserted into a second envelope that is then sealed. In the upper left hand corner of the second
envelope, the voter prints and signs his or her name, property address or separate interest that
entitles him or her to vote. The second pre-stamped envelope is pre-addressed to the Inspector of
Election who will be tallying the votes. The envelope may be mailed by first class mail or
delivered by hand to a location specified by the Inspector of Election. The owner may request a
receipt for delivery. The Board of Directors shall determine the voting period and reserves the
right to extend the voting period in 30-day increments until quorum is achieved. Once the
Inspector of Election receives a ballot it shall be irrevocable and shall be treated as a
member present at a meeting for the purposes of establishing a quorum.

 

9.2 Requirements for the Counting and Tabulation of Ballots. The designated
inspector, or their designees, must count and tabulate the votes in public at a properly noticed
open meeting of the Board of Directors or the Members. Any candidate or other Member of the
Association may witness the counting and tabulation of the votes. No person, including a
Member of the Association or an employee of the Association’s management company, if any,
shall open or otherwise review any ballot prior to the time and place at which the ballots are
counted and tabulated. The inspector of election, or his/her/their designee, may verify the
Member’s information and a signature on the outer envelope prior to the meeting at which the
ballots are tabulated. In the event that tabulation of the ballots cannot be concluded prior to the
designated time for adjournment of the meeting, the meeting shall be continued for such time as
is required to complete the tabulation of ballots and Members shall be entitled to remain in
attendance at the continued meeting to observe the tabulation.